right then .	go straight to the office .
don t dawdle on the way	don t worry
i il call in three zero minutes to check	oh hello fujio
is your mother here too ?	why are you outside ?
it s no fun listening to women s talk	well why don t we go in together ?
i m fine out here	right you wait out here
aunty !	tell mom .
if she s not out soon i m leaving !	i il tell her
mrs. ishino has arrived	good
welcome	please come in
i hope you re well	been here long ?
a little while	you re very pretty today
you look stunning today	today you re really beautiful
what s with the today today ?	she always thinks she s beautiful
cheeky !	that s a lovely wrap !
you re being sarcastic	you bought it at mitsukoshi ?
no is it too earthy ?	earthy ?
you don t feel it is ?	how old are you ?
old enough	terrible terrible
what s so funny ?	isn t that it ?
perhaps you re right	getting a lot of lines recently
grows older ?	you don t have to spell it out
only when laughing though	i ve tried it in front of the mirror
see no lines that time ?	isn t there ?
let s hear it again	reminds one of a zoo
cheeky !	gotta give it up
fujio is tired of waiting	you d better leave
can you solve this ?	what ?
if you have thirty two five sen and one sen coins .	and you re short two sen on a bill of one three zero
how many of each denomination did you have ?	what is it ?
fujio s homework from yesterday	he s starting junior high this year
the preliminaries are so complicated	and if i can t do the work he s been set .
it kept me up till two a .	m
working on this ?	yes .
go on solve it	thirty two five sen and one sen coins .
two sen short on a bill of one three zero	forget it .
it s our cross to bear	wait .
if you call it x .	you can t do it like that !
no using algebra	a total of three two coins .
and no using real coins !	right !
i ve got it !	it just takes patience no that s wrong too
you don t have to get upset about it	they don t do this in junior
if you could do it you d say they do	couldn t the doctor find me a tutor ?
perhaps from among his students	i simply can t do it myself please ask him
you worry too much	i don t really care who just so long as he s clean
you re just after a fredrick march type	that would be lovely
please i m serious	i il keep my eyes open
don t forget will you ?	please for fujio s sake
you re leaving ?	off to the ginza today s act of motherly love
my niece from osaka arrives here tomorrow	it il be good to see her again
i like the girl	she s such a smart tidy girl
goodbye !	goodbye !
didn t know you had a sister like this	be serious .
silly	goodbye
i m getting hungry is there anything to eat ?	there are some biscuits
something a little more solid ?	like what ?
what is there ?	noodles ?
noodles ?	how about sushi ?
a bit too cold .	then what .
rice ?	topped with eel .
but then again .	you re hard to please
rice with a helping of eel on the side	in a tiered box
you eat a lot !	is one enough ?
if not i il have biscuits	stupid !
is the doctor home ?	no he s at the university
right he teaches on wednesdays	it s nakanishi on the phone
it looks bad for you	you il never have children
tidy this up please	sir it s time for your class
which room ?	number two seven
okada !	the book i ordered has arrived
can you bring it to my place ?	salmonella was rife in the town of frankenhausen
when dr. gartner discovered the baccilus name . after him in one eight eight eight	the mode of infection is yet to be discovered
after him in one eight eight eight	the mode of infection is yet to be discovered
but a detectable relationship . has been established with the spirochette . of the encephalitic bacterium which reaches epidemic proportions	nowadays what we call encephalitis . was identified by a dr. ekonomo in vienna in one nine one nine
but a detectable relationship . has been established with the spirochette . of the encephalitic bacterium which reaches epidemic proportions	nowadays what we call encephalitis .
has been established with the spirochette . of the encephalitic bacterium which reaches epidemic proportions	nowadays what we call encephalitis . was identified by a dr. ekonomo in vienna in one nine one nine
has been established with the spirochette . of the encephalitic bacterium which reaches epidemic proportions	nowadays what we call encephalitis .
of the encephalitic bacterium which reaches epidemic proportions	nowadays what we call encephalitis . was identified by a dr. ekonomo in vienna in one nine one nine
of the encephalitic bacterium which reaches epidemic proportions	nowadays what we call encephalitis .
whether the tow are the same or not is still a matter of speculation	looking beyond these questions . at dr. ekonomo s diagnosis of lethargic encephalitis .
whether the tow are the same or not is still a matter of speculation	looking beyond these questions .
like our friend here there s no evidence it attacks during winter	so he doesn t have it
ready ?	going back to the original question .
setsuko !	setsuko !
no i m actually very good	i can drive at six zero kph on route two
it s such a good feeling	you want to come along ?
no thanks	your family doesn t object ?
shall i show you ?	so here s where you are
i m talking to uncle	first put your bags away
she s learning to drive	drive ?
there il be none of that in tokyo !	restrict your accidents to osaka please
you smoke ?	yes i do
it s bad for you !	but you smoke !
put it out .	you re still a minor
i il just finish it off	setsuko !
mind you wash behind your ears young lady	are they dirty ?
clean them for me	ugh !
how dirty !	master okada is here
good day	please come in
am i intruding ?	not at all .
this is our niece	setsuko mr. okada
i owe a lot to your uncle	sir i brought your book
good lad .	sit down
it s alright .	please
it s alright .	please
how d you like to be a tutor ?	what subject ?
arithmetic .	exam preparations
for fujio	in junior high already ?
will you ?	but children and i .
it d be easy for you .	please do it
but the doctor .	he approves don t you ?
then it s settled ?	you il do it ?
good !	but mrs. komiya .
it s been decided	thanks a lot !
you re stuck with it	seems so
area of the sea is three times that of the land three four of which is in the northern hemisphere	how many times is the area of the sea in relation to land in the northern hemisphere ?
how many times .	well that s .
three four of the sea is in the n. h .	wait i just have the thing !
it s easy when you use this	that s a good idea !
three four of the area .	ethiopia s over here
how many times is the area of the sea in relation to land	come in .
hello	studying ?
did you get question three ?	how does it go ?
the earth s area becomes one then land area equals one four	so land in the n. h. is .
one four times three four three one six	therefore the area of the sea . understand ?
one four times three four three one six	therefore the area of the sea .
one two minus three one six	where d you get the half ?
this ?	by calling the area one .
the n. h. becomes one half	oh really ?
so the equation is five one six	that s the sea area
so five one six divided by three one six . is one and two three that s the answer	yes !
is one and two three that s the answer	yes !
that s right !	where d you graduate from ?
the university	you did graduate ?
yes i did	junior high too ?
yes .	and you studied arithmetic ?
of course	so we ve nothing to worry about
so it seems	er .
ma am .	setsuko ?
please come in	hello
it s been a while .	come in
everything s fine ?	yes thank you .
you always look good	you too you look younger every time i see you
your flattery has improved	i mean it
your aunt s not coming	no but i remembered you like these
thank you very much	this is from aunty
oh really !	she helped get a tutor for fujio
mr. okada ?	he s been very helpful .
he s here now	is he ?
you ready ?	france !
wrong !	south america !
ready ?	india !
wrong !	africa !
canada !	no it s the ocean !
hello !	hello !
it s ok it s only aunty	again !
quickly !	you ready ?
taiwan !	taiwan ?
wrong !	what re you playing ?
hit the spot	can you hit it ?
it s not easy !	have a try
i will	ready !
north pole	that s cheating !
is arithmetic so difficult ?	yes .
can t make any headway especially today s question	really ?
i don t think i could pass his exam myself	what a teacher !
i m serious	an unreliable teacher !
uncle ?	are you working ?
i came for a quick smoke	aunty s rather strict
still playing golf ?	yes i am
i play most saturdays	how did it go ?
about three three three four	that s quite big
i got quite good but i gave it up	i got callouses and didn t really have time
because i m studying classical voice	so you sing kiyomoto ?
yes and my teacher praised my rendition of ochudo	is that so ?
you re not golfing today ?	i have to work on this so i won t go today
really ?	you still here ?
why ?	you must go the exercise is good for you
i m going out for a while	setsuko i want you to stay until i get back
uncle are you going ?	looks like i have to
then i il be here alone	well someone has to stay
okada !	professor please come in .
hullo	nice quiet place you have here
sardines they look delicious	playing golf today sir ?
i m thinking	working on your thesis ?
can i leave these here ?	you re not playing today ?
no and i d like to stay here overnight	stay ?
here sir ?	will i bother you ?
no please do	and say nothing to my wife
i m going out for a while	yes sir
to a bar in the ginza why don t you join me later ?	the doctor is late today
you always seem to wait for him	you know why they call this dimple ?
the blender s name ?	because of the dimple just like this one
really ?	you re not just kidding me ?
no truly	welcome
why ?	just don t feel up to it
is that so ?	maybe i il pass too
my wife thinks i should play on saturdays	she kicked me out the house !
that s sad but go play anyway	and post this for me while you re there
to your wife ?	i always send her one
i see	so what il you do today ?
well you know .	know what ?
madame he s picking up the tab today	it s not what you think
then why don t you pay ?	and you beware of the bunkers !
you should be careful	a good looking man
who is he ?	that s mr. uehara
mr. uehara ?	i thought all the girls knew him from kanagawa
oh that uehara	where are your clubs ?
i left them at a friend s	a lady friend ?
don t be silly	uncle !
setsuko what s this ?	how did you find me here ?
a lucky guess .	you re a good man
it s terrible that she makes you go play golf	that almost made me despise you
what are you drinking ?	i il have the same
fix me one please	you shouldn t be drinking
don t worry	you il get drunk
come on	i can handle two or three with ease
i d like to visit a tokyo geisha house	what ?
please take me	you re not returning home tonight are you ?
come on !	let s go
well done	you want another one ?
i ve had plenty	what a bore !
setsuko you ve had enough	leave me alone
want one ?	thank you
tokyo geisha you have real class	thank you
good to see you professor	tonight again .
you re here with a beautiful young lady	my niece .
she s bubbling with vigour	a rare beauty
thank you	please enjoy yourselves !
thank you very much	uncle ?
you never tire	so it seems
may i see it	i really like it .
do you want to swap ?	don t mind it s alright !
but yours is so .	never mind take it please
i ve taken a shine to yours	it s time we were leaving
i don t want to leave yet	i can sleep here tonight
come on we re going	you have to get back
but my head hurts so	why such a hurry ?
setsuko !	we re leaving !
we ve got to get you home	can you carry me ?
i m supposed to be golfing	it just can t be helped !
please call okada at this number	tell him to come at once
no !	i il stay here
fumiya !	you never answer me !
setsuko s late .	when did she go out ?
about four o clock	and it s past one am !
should i go and look for her ?	no idea where she s gone so where would you look ?
still up ?	where ve you been ?
around	you ve been drinking !
a drop or two	such a troublesome girl !
setsuko !	come here !
sit down !	don t go getting upset
you re not supposed to drink	you re still a minor !
now sit down !	don t worry !
setsuko !	wake up young lady !
i said wake up !	where ve you been out drinking until this hour ?
setsuko	i was fast asleep
felt good .	don t want to hear anymore
what if something happened while he s away at golf ?	you re our responsibility !
i ve been worried sick !	you could help by getting me a glass of water
setsuko !	quickly !
ma am the car that brought her home .	with mr. okada ?
was it raining when you got up ?	i wonder when it started ?
probably around dawn	i hadn t reckoned on that
we were due for a change	they re cooked sir !
thanks !	it s really pelting down
it certainly is !	that s not good
what do you mean sir ?	i sent a postcard saying the weather was fine
a friend posted it from the golf course	he should realise he s not that kind of man
really sir ?	that is a problem
it s not joking matter	you think it rained in izu ?
i can t tell	nationwide don t you think ?
that is a problem	they re done sir !
fumiya ?	is aunty home ?
home all day ?	she has no plans to go out
fumiya	fumiya
coming !	where s setsuko ?
in her room	she s not to go out
sure	the master is back
welcome back	to unseasonable weather
how did it go ?	just so so
soon as you left she was out the door !	carousing until one o clock !
came home dead drunk !	drunk you say ?
she treated me with contempt !	and didn t listen to a word i said
she came back with young okada	with okada ?
if anything happens while she s in our care .	you have a point there
i want you to lay down the rules to her	right !
send her to my room !	you uncle wants a word with you
uncle !	ah setsuko !
i need a favour	yes ?
the postcard i had sent .	i don t want your aunt to see it
why not ?	i wrote that the weather was fine
just leave it to me will	you ve been at okada s all this time ?
yes	i ve got a terrible hangover
aunty s in a terrible rage	she s said barely a word to me all day
it was bad luck she found out okada s role in this	fumiya saw us together
and she s taken it the wrong way	i wouldn t mind if he were at least handsome
understand !	look at me !
don t go gazing away !	on your feet young lady !
i m telling you for your own good	when you go out you tell us where you re going !
and you can t stay out late !	you should know better !
remember what he says young lady !	you understand ?
and pay heed to what your aunt tells you !	you hear me ?
but .	you re good and okada and i are never right !
this time you ve no excuse	and pay particular heed to what your aunty says
you understand ?	that wasn t her .
it was the wind how stupid !	professor this is very hard on me
she got very angry with me	said i betrayed her trust and barred me from the house
she misunderstood and it s more than i can bear	sir please explain
sir i m begging you	i considered telling her the truth
you re right but please just bear with it	i il return the favour one day .
please ?	i let him have a piece of my mind
i introduced him to you but now i wash my hands off him	he seems so upright a lad of morals
say what ?	what ?
you are	but we ve been married for one four years
congratulations !	it s nothing to be ashamed of
even hippos have babies	stupid !
dr. komiya could attend to you	i d be indebted for life if he did
your husband will be thrilled	he s sick in bed now
since when ?	how s your husband ?
why do you ask ?	well playing golf in the rain
rain ?	that s strange .
weather s fine great for golf	that is strange
the master has returned	uncle something dreadful has happened
she read the postcard !	i thought i d get to it first she s certainly fast
dear !	you played golf with sugiyama ?
apparently it rained	what s the meaning of great for golf ?
aunty forget it	you shut up !
it doesn t matter if it rained or not	you shut up !
out get out of the room !	out !
now !	isn t it strange ?
the same golf course and he gets wet . you bathed in the sunshine	if it rains the weather is certainly not fine
you bathed in the sunshine	if it rains the weather is certainly not fine
great for golf did it rain all around you ?	he got bad cold
can you explain how that happened ?	can you tell me why ?
your guests are leaving	you should see them off
ask for eel .	they do wonders with it
why the hurry to leave ?	stay a little longer
why don t you take your time ?	i was going to order eel your favorites
yes but .	you il leave ?
see you soon	fumiya our guests are leaving !
fumiya !	fumiya !
don t forget	the master ?
he left through the garden	that was close .
they barely made it	your aunt is fuming !
don t worry about it !	are you really frightened of her ?
not what you d call frightened	then why so glum ?
drink up	you worry too much about her
you re the husband !	the master !
if it were me i d tell her !	fickle like the weather i d make her change !
but .	i couldn t
you can you just don t	want to go to the geisha house ?
i il pay	uncle let s go
uncle .	doctor !
let s go !	welcome home !
where ve you been ?	setsuko !
where did you go ?	where ?
you ve been drinking again !	i told you before !
what have you two been up to ?	setsuko !
answer me !	speak up !
say something !	we went for a walk
setsuko !	i ve had enough of you !
enough !	back to osaka !
she doesn t have to	you shut up !
out !	go home !
what ?	you put her up to this !
that s why she s so insolent	you re the insolent one !
i treat you well and you try to walk all over me	just think a little
if she doesn t want to go she doesn t have to	well done !
she needed that that made me feel good	i il sleep well tonight
i il go to bed goodnight !	aunty !
i was very rude	please forgive me !
it just slipped out	it all became so complicated
of course he s wrong too	he didn t play golf that day
perhaps i shouldn t say this	but sometimes he doesn t want to
he stayed the night at okada s place	before that he was with me
i m sorry i drank and made a fool of myself and made you worry	forgive me !
i was wrong	so of course you re right to be angry with me
but i feel sorry for uncle	i was wrong and i ask for your forgiveness
you weren t wrong	so you don t have to say sorry .
but .	please forgive me !
i m sorry for what i did	i couldn t control myself . but hitting you was wrong
i m sorry for what i did	i couldn t control myself .
you have a right to be angry but forgive me	it was very wrong of me
no i made a mess	she said you stayed at okada s instead of going to golf
well . yes	you believe me ?
yes	you believe me ?
i didn t know so i just assumed the worst	i didn t have a chance to tell the truth
i m truly sorry	well . goodnight !
i m truly sorry	well .
dear .	why the funny face ?
uncle !	what is it ?
i covered for you	there was no need for you to apologise too ?
she had to	you started out well but finished terribly
let s see it again !	the man should be stronger
that was sufficient	not at all
that s something you don t understand yet	some men treat their wives badly
but that s not a good thing	wives should be respected
they like to think they re in control so it s better to let them think that .	like scolding children by praising them
that s the best way the opposite approach	opposite approach ?
i ve never thought about that	i ve have to remember that
i would like to see that	a real hard one ?
how many times ?	once .
where ?	across the face
a good solid whack ?	yes
did it hurt ?	not really . no !
did it hurt ?	not really .
my husband s a wimp not so much as a love tap	with a face a like that .
fool !	you think it il suit him ?
too colorful	what ?
he s still young	i il get one too
sorry for you no one to buy for	what about fujio ?
stupid	when s setsuko leaving ?
we re eating out tonight and she il leave from there to take the nine pm express	you should ve brought her along with us
but she s out shopping with okada	opposite approach ?
i didn t know myself we re both a couple of fools	don t use it when we marry
no i d never	you probably will
i m the straightforward type	flattery will get you nowhere
if you do i il use the opposite opposite approach	when are you coming again ?
i like waseda too	flattering again sounds like opposite
this time tomorrow i il be in osaka	i wonder where she is by now ?
around numazu i guess	she s probably fast asleep
probably	the house seems very lonely with her away
she il come again soon	it d be nice to have her come often
yes	would you like a coffee ?
i won t be able to sleep	you il sleep well
fumiya !	goodnight !
go straight to the office .	don t dawdle on the way
don t worry	i il call in three zero minutes to check
oh hello fujio	is your mother here too ?
why are you outside ?	it s no fun listening to women s talk
right you wait out here	aunty !
i il tell her	mrs. ishino has arrived
good	welcome
please come in	i hope you re well
been here long ?	a little while
you re very pretty today	you look stunning today
today you re really beautiful	what s with the today today ?
she always thinks she s beautiful	cheeky !
that s a lovely wrap !	you re being sarcastic
you bought it at mitsukoshi ?	no is it too earthy ?
earthy ?	you don t feel it is ?
how old are you ?	old enough
terrible terrible	what s so funny ?
isn t that it ?	perhaps you re right
getting a lot of lines recently	grows older ?
you don t have to spell it out	only when laughing though
i ve tried it in front of the mirror	see no lines that time ?
isn t there ?	let s hear it again
reminds one of a zoo	cheeky !
gotta give it up	fujio is tired of waiting
you d better leave	can you solve this ?
what ?	if you have thirty two five sen and one sen coins .
and you re short two sen on a bill of one three zero	how many of each denomination did you have ?
what is it ?	fujio s homework from yesterday
he s starting junior high this year	the preliminaries are so complicated
and if i can t do the work he s been set .	it kept me up till two a .
m	working on this ?
yes .	go on solve it
thirty two five sen and one sen coins .	two sen short on a bill of one three zero
forget it .	it s our cross to bear
wait .	if you call it x .
you can t do it like that !	no using algebra
a total of three two coins .	and no using real coins !
right !	i ve got it !
it just takes patience no that s wrong too	you don t have to get upset about it
they don t do this in junior	if you could do it you d say they do
couldn t the doctor find me a tutor ?	perhaps from among his students
i simply can t do it myself please ask him	you worry too much
i don t really care who just so long as he s clean	you re just after a fredrick march type
i il keep my eyes open	don t forget will you ?
please for fujio s sake	you re leaving ?
off to the ginza today s act of motherly love	my niece from osaka arrives here tomorrow
it il be good to see her again	i like the girl
she s such a smart tidy girl	goodbye !
goodbye !	didn t know you had a sister like this
be serious .	silly
there are some biscuits	something a little more solid ?
like what ?	what is there ?
noodles ?	noodles ?
how about sushi ?	a bit too cold .
then what .	rice ?
topped with eel .	but then again .
you re hard to please	rice with a helping of eel on the side
in a tiered box	you eat a lot !
is one enough ?	if not i il have biscuits
stupid !	is the doctor home ?
no he s at the university	right he teaches on wednesdays
it s nakanishi on the phone	i il take it in here
hello i m just testing now	it looks bad for you
you il never have children	tidy this up please
sir it s time for your class	which room ?
number two seven	okada !
the book i ordered has arrived	can you bring it to my place ?
salmonella was rife in the town of frankenhausen	when dr. gartner discovered the baccilus name . after him in one eight eight eight
salmonella was rife in the town of frankenhausen	when dr. gartner discovered the baccilus name .
the mode of infection is yet to be discovered	but a detectable relationship . has been established with the spirochette . of the encephalitic bacterium which reaches epidemic proportions
the mode of infection is yet to be discovered	but a detectable relationship . has been established with the spirochette .
the mode of infection is yet to be discovered	but a detectable relationship .
nowadays what we call encephalitis . was identified by a dr. ekonomo in vienna in one nine one nine	whether the tow are the same or not is still a matter of speculation
was identified by a dr. ekonomo in vienna in one nine one nine	whether the tow are the same or not is still a matter of speculation
looking beyond these questions . at dr. ekonomo s diagnosis of lethargic encephalitis .	like our friend here there s no evidence it attacks during winter
at dr. ekonomo s diagnosis of lethargic encephalitis .	like our friend here there s no evidence it attacks during winter
so he doesn t have it	ready ?
going back to the original question .	setsuko !
i can drive at six zero kph on route two	it s such a good feeling
you want to come along ?	no thanks
your family doesn t object ?	i see but it sounds dangerous
you see i m the best road racer	shall i show you ?
first put your bags away	she s learning to drive
drive ?	there il be none of that in tokyo !
restrict your accidents to osaka please	you smoke ?
yes i do	it s bad for you !
but you smoke !	put it out .
you re still a minor	i il just finish it off
setsuko !	mind you wash behind your ears young lady
are they dirty ?	clean them for me
ugh !	how dirty !
master okada is here	good day
please come in	am i intruding ?
not at all .	this is our niece
setsuko mr. okada	i owe a lot to your uncle
sir i brought your book	good lad .
sit down	it s alright .
please	it s alright .
please	how d you like to be a tutor ?
what subject ?	arithmetic .
exam preparations	for fujio
in junior high already ?	will you ?
but children and i .	it d be easy for you .
please do it	but the doctor .
he approves don t you ?	then it s settled ?
you il do it ?	good !
but mrs. komiya .	it s been decided
thanks a lot !	you re stuck with it
seems so	area of the sea is three times that of the land three four of which is in the northern hemisphere
how many times is the area of the sea in relation to land in the northern hemisphere ?	how many times .
well that s .	three four of the sea is in the n. h .
wait i just have the thing !	it s easy when you use this
that s a good idea !	three four of the area .
ethiopia s over here	how many times is the area of the sea in relation to land
come in .	hello
studying ?	did you get question three ?
how does it go ?	the earth s area becomes one then land area equals one four
so land in the n. h. is .	one four times three four three one six
therefore the area of the sea . understand ?	one two minus three one six
understand ?	one two minus three one six
where d you get the half ?	this ?
by calling the area one .	the n. h. becomes one half
oh really ?	so the equation is five one six
that s the sea area	so five one six divided by three one six . is one and two three that s the answer
that s the sea area	so five one six divided by three one six .
yes !	that s right !
where d you graduate from ?	the university
you did graduate ?	yes i did
junior high too ?	yes .
and you studied arithmetic ?	of course
so we ve nothing to worry about	so it seems
er .	ma am .
setsuko ?	please come in
hello	it s been a while .
come in	everything s fine ?
yes thank you .	you always look good
you too you look younger every time i see you	your flattery has improved
i mean it	your aunt s not coming
no but i remembered you like these	thank you very much
this is from aunty	oh really !
she helped get a tutor for fujio	mr. okada ?
he s been very helpful .	he s here now
is he ?	you ready ?
france !	wrong !
south america !	ready ?
india !	wrong !
africa !	canada !
no it s the ocean !	hello !
hello !	it s ok it s only aunty
again !	quickly !
you ready ?	taiwan !
taiwan ?	wrong !
what re you playing ?	hit the spot
can you hit it ?	it s not easy !
have a try	i will
ready !	north pole
that s cheating !	is arithmetic so difficult ?
yes .	can t make any headway especially today s question
really ?	i don t think i could pass his exam myself
an unreliable teacher !	uncle ?
are you working ?	i came for a quick smoke
aunty s rather strict	still playing golf ?
yes i am	i play most saturdays
how did it go ?	about three three three four
that s quite big	i got quite good but i gave it up
so you sing kiyomoto ?	yes and my teacher praised my rendition of ochudo
is that so ?	you re not golfing today ?
i have to work on this so i won t go today	really ?
you still here ?	do you know the time ?
i m pondering whether or not to go	why ?
setsuko i want you to stay until i get back	uncle are you going ?
looks like i have to	then i il be here alone
well someone has to stay	okada !
professor please come in .	hullo
nice quiet place you have here	sardines they look delicious
working on your thesis ?	can i leave these here ?
you re not playing today ?	no and i d like to stay here overnight
stay ?	here sir ?
will i bother you ?	no please do
yes sir	to a bar in the ginza why don t you join me later ?
the doctor is late today	you always seem to wait for him
you know why they call this dimple ?	the blender s name ?
because of the dimple just like this one	really ?
you re not just kidding me ?	no truly
welcome	you re late
i m sorry	no clubs ?
i m not going today	why ?
just don t feel up to it	is that so ?
maybe i il pass too	my wife thinks i should play on saturdays
she kicked me out the house !	that s sad but go play anyway
and post this for me while you re there	to your wife ?
i always send her one	i see
so what il you do today ?	well you know .
know what ?	madame he s picking up the tab today
it s not what you think	then why don t you pay ?
and you beware of the bunkers !	that was just a bad day for me
i think i m getting a cold	you should be careful
a good looking man	who is he ?
that s mr. uehara	mr. uehara ?
i thought all the girls knew him from kanagawa	oh that uehara
where are your clubs ?	i left them at a friend s
a lady friend ?	don t be silly
uncle !	setsuko what s this ?
how did you find me here ?	a lucky guess .
you re a good man	it s terrible that she makes you go play golf
that almost made me despise you	what are you drinking ?
i il have the same	fix me one please
you shouldn t be drinking	don t worry
you il get drunk	come on
i can handle two or three with ease	i d like to visit a tokyo geisha house
what ?	please take me
you re not returning home tonight are you ?	come on !
let s go	well done
you want another one ?	i ve had plenty
what a bore !	setsuko you ve had enough
leave me alone	want one ?
thank you	tokyo geisha you have real class
thank you	good to see you professor
tonight again .	you re here with a beautiful young lady
my niece .	she s bubbling with vigour
a rare beauty	thank you
please enjoy yourselves !	thank you very much
uncle ?	you never tire
so it seems	may i see it
i really like it .	do you want to swap ?
don t mind it s alright !	but yours is so .
never mind take it please	i ve taken a shine to yours
it s time we were leaving	i don t want to leave yet
i can sleep here tonight	come on we re going
you have to get back	but my head hurts so
why such a hurry ?	setsuko !
we re leaving !	we ve got to get you home
it just can t be helped !	please call okada at this number
tell him to come at once	no !
i il stay here	fumiya !
you never answer me !	setsuko s late .
when did she go out ?	about four o clock
and it s past one am !	should i go and look for her ?
no idea where she s gone so where would you look ?	she s back ma am
i m back	still up ?
where ve you been ?	around
you ve been drinking !	a drop or two
such a troublesome girl !	setsuko !
come here !	sit down !
don t go getting upset	you re not supposed to drink
you re still a minor !	now sit down !
don t worry !	setsuko !
wake up young lady !	i said wake up !
where ve you been out drinking until this hour ?	setsuko
i was fast asleep	felt good .
don t want to hear anymore	what if something happened while he s away at golf ?
you re our responsibility !	i ve been worried sick !
you could help by getting me a glass of water	setsuko !
quickly !	ma am the car that brought her home .
with mr. okada ?	was it raining when you got up ?
i wonder when it started ?	probably around dawn
i hadn t reckoned on that	we were due for a change
they re cooked sir !	thanks !
it s really pelting down	it certainly is !
that s not good	what do you mean sir ?
i sent a postcard saying the weather was fine	a friend posted it from the golf course
he should realise he s not that kind of man	really sir ?
that is a problem	it s not joking matter
you think it rained in izu ?	i can t tell
nationwide don t you think ?	that is a problem
they re done sir !	fumiya ?
is aunty home ?	home all day ?
she has no plans to go out	fumiya
fumiya	coming !
where s setsuko ?	in her room
she s not to go out	sure
the master is back	welcome back
to unseasonable weather	how did it go ?
just so so	by the way .
i m angry with setsuko	soon as you left she was out the door !
carousing until one o clock !	came home dead drunk !
drunk you say ?	she treated me with contempt !
and didn t listen to a word i said	she came back with young okada
with okada ?	if anything happens while she s in our care .
you have a point there	i want you to lay down the rules to her
right !	send her to my room !
you uncle wants a word with you	uncle !
ah setsuko !	i need a favour
yes ?	the postcard i had sent .
i don t want your aunt to see it	why not ?
i wrote that the weather was fine	just leave it to me will
you ve been at okada s all this time ?	yes
i ve got a terrible hangover	aunty s in a terrible rage
she s said barely a word to me all day	it was bad luck she found out okada s role in this
fumiya saw us together	and she s taken it the wrong way
i wouldn t mind if he were at least handsome	understand !
look at me !	don t go gazing away !
when you go out you tell us where you re going !	and you can t stay out late !
you should know better !	remember what he says young lady !
you understand ?	and pay heed to what your aunt tells you !
you hear me ?	what a good liar !
i m surprised	but .
you re good and okada and i are never right !	this time you ve no excuse
and pay particular heed to what your aunty says	you understand ?
that wasn t her .	it was the wind how stupid !
professor this is very hard on me	she got very angry with me
said i betrayed her trust and barred me from the house	she misunderstood and it s more than i can bear
i considered telling her the truth	you re right but please just bear with it
i il return the favour one day .	please ?
i let him have a piece of my mind	i introduced him to you but now i wash my hands off him
he seems so upright a lad of morals	what is it ?
i m embarrassed to say it	say what ?
what ?	you are
but we ve been married for one four years	congratulations !
it s nothing to be ashamed of	even hippos have babies
stupid !	dr. komiya could attend to you
i d be indebted for life if he did	your husband will be thrilled
he s sick in bed now	since when ?
how s your husband ?	why do you ask ?
well playing golf in the rain	rain ?
that s strange .	weather s fine great for golf
that is strange	the master has returned
uncle something dreadful has happened	she read the postcard !
i thought i d get to it first she s certainly fast	dear !
you played golf with sugiyama ?	apparently it rained
what s the meaning of great for golf ?	aunty forget it
you shut up !	it doesn t matter if it rained or not
you shut up !	out get out of the room !
out !	now !
isn t it strange ?	the same golf course and he gets wet . you bathed in the sunshine
isn t it strange ?	the same golf course and he gets wet .
if it rains the weather is certainly not fine	great for golf did it rain all around you ?
he got bad cold	can you explain how that happened ?
can you tell me why ?	your guests are leaving
you should see them off	i il get to the bottom of this
i m hungry	ask for eel .
they do wonders with it	why the hurry to leave ?
stay a little longer	why don t you take your time ?
i was going to order eel your favorites	yes but .
you il leave ?	see you soon
fumiya our guests are leaving !	fumiya !
fumiya !	don t forget
the master ?	he left through the garden
that was close .	they barely made it
your aunt is fuming !	don t worry about it !
are you really frightened of her ?	not what you d call frightened
then why so glum ?	drink up
you worry too much about her	that s why she walks all over you
i m just the niece .	you re the husband !
the master !	if it were me i d tell her !
fickle like the weather i d make her change !	but .
i couldn t	you can you just don t
want to go to the geisha house ?	i il pay
uncle let s go	uncle .
doctor !	let s go !
welcome home !	where ve you been ?
setsuko !	where did you go ?
where ?	you ve been drinking again !
i told you before !	what have you two been up to ?
setsuko !	answer me !
speak up !	say something !
we went for a walk	setsuko !
i ve had enough of you !	enough !
back to osaka !	she doesn t have to
you shut up !	out !
go home !	not at your command
i il go when i m ready !	what ?
you put her up to this !	that s why she s so insolent
you re the insolent one !	i treat you well and you try to walk all over me
just think a little	if she doesn t want to go she doesn t have to
well done !	she needed that that made me feel good
i il sleep well tonight	i il go to bed goodnight !
aunty !	i was very rude
please forgive me !	it just slipped out
it all became so complicated	of course he s wrong too
he didn t play golf that day	perhaps i shouldn t say this
but sometimes he doesn t want to	he stayed the night at okada s place
forgive me !	i was wrong
so of course you re right to be angry with me	but i feel sorry for uncle
i was wrong and i ask for your forgiveness	you weren t wrong
so you don t have to say sorry .	but .
i couldn t control myself . but hitting you was wrong	you have a right to be angry but forgive me
but hitting you was wrong	you have a right to be angry but forgive me
it was very wrong of me	no i made a mess
she said you stayed at okada s instead of going to golf	well . yes
she said you stayed at okada s instead of going to golf	well .
you believe me ?	i didn t know so i just assumed the worst
i didn t have a chance to tell the truth	okada came out worst of all
well . goodnight !	dear .
goodnight !	dear .
why the funny face ?	uncle !
what is it ?	i covered for you
there was no need for you to apologise too ?	she had to
you started out well but finished terribly	let s see it again !
the man should be stronger	that was sufficient
not at all	that s something you don t understand yet
some men treat their wives badly	but that s not a good thing
wives should be respected	they like to think they re in control so it s better to let them think that .
like scolding children by praising them	that s the best way the opposite approach
opposite approach ?	i ve never thought about that
i ve have to remember that	i would like to see that
a real hard one ?	how many times ?
once .	where ?
across the face	a good solid whack ?
yes	did it hurt ?
not really . no !	my husband s a wimp not so much as a love tap
no !	my husband s a wimp not so much as a love tap
with a face a like that .	fool !
you think it il suit him ?	too colorful
what ?	he s still young
i il get one too	sorry for you no one to buy for
what about fujio ?	stupid
when s setsuko leaving ?	we re eating out tonight and she il leave from there to take the nine pm express
you should ve brought her along with us	but she s out shopping with okada
opposite approach ?	i didn t know myself we re both a couple of fools
don t use it when we marry	no i d never
flattery will get you nowhere	if you do i il use the opposite opposite approach
when are you coming again ?	for the college baseball match
i m a waseda fan	i like waseda too
flattering again sounds like opposite	this time tomorrow i il be in osaka
i wonder where she is by now ?	around numazu i guess
she s probably fast asleep	probably
the house seems very lonely with her away	she il come again soon
it d be nice to have her come often	yes
would you like a coffee ?	i won t be able to sleep
you il sleep well	fumiya !
v nus ln furs	go on !
will you sign ?	go on !
tell me first .	i don t know .
who s that ?	howthe hell should i know ?
shall i pick it up ?	no !
feel like going on a journey .	where to ?
i haven t decided .	what about me ?
i just have to go .	come along .
no .	we made a deal .
so don t come along .	will you sign ?
let s forget the whole thing .	you don t mean that .
i have to sign ?	all right then .
at the age of ten	l laid my hands on a copy of the legends of the great martyrs .
l read it with a revulsion bordering on voracious ecstasy .	they languished in dungeons were roasted pierced with arrows and were nailed to a cross .
all of this they underwent in a state of intoxication .	gregor .
bring us something to drink gregor !	do you love that man ?
i ve never been more in love .	soon you won t love me any more .
think hard about it .	i am yours .
do with me as you will but don t force me to leave .	ls my bath ready ?
gregor hold me .	l don t think l m in love with wanda .
but i can feel l m falling under her spell .	this is no love but physical enslavement .
don t stop !	i can t !
you enjoy it !	l live as i paint and write .
l progress no further than an intention a plan a first act a first line .	such people just happen to exist .
they start all kinds of things but never finish anything .	l am someone like that a dilettante .
beware severin !	call me gregor !
all right .	why did you kick me ?
on your knees .	do you think you re a free person .
a man .	a great lover .
i m very bored .	you re just enough to keep me amused .
don t look at me like that !	i decide what you are .
a man or an animal .	or a thing .
l was twelve when a distant aunt on my mother s side came to stay with us .	she was beautiful woman with a mysterious smile .
but i hated her because she was known as a femme fatale .	l behaved spitefully and was as antisocial as i could be .
my parents were away on a trip and i was alone with her .	l walked down the stairs and was about to leave but she stood in front of me dressed in a fabulous fur coat .
she grabbed me before i could complain	l was lying on the marble floor bound hand and foot .
with an evil grin she rolled up her sleeves and birched me until i screamed out in pain and begged for mercy .	she released me and i had to get down on my knees and thank her and kiss her hand .
a fierce passion was awakened in me she has been the most attractive woman in the whole world .	still alive ?
you came to kill me ?	are you unwell ?
your cheeks are aglow .	do you love me ?
i want you to love me !	tell me !
you have such beautiful eyes .	especially since you have been suffering so much .
can you still love me ?	i love you more then ever .
the more you torment me the more i love you .	call him !
good afternoon .	this is the secretary of madam von dunayev .
i m very sorry .	i shall try to speak clearly .
this is the secretary of madam von dunayev .	she asked me to make an appointment with you .
do you understand ?	tomorrow evening two zero h three zero .
very good .	i il tell her .
who is he ?	not now .
may i do something ?	yes my feet .
i m so sorry .	massage them .
how will it all end up with us ?	end up with us ?
you and me .	you and me ?
i haven t even begun !	look at me .
i ve done nothing yet .	wait until i really begin .
go and wait for me at the monkey s house !	go now !
i m not your servant !	you ve found your lord and master .
good luck .	you re afraid of him wanda .
i have a contract with you .	we have a contract and i shall fulfill it .
i il keep tormenting you until you hate me .	you re crazy !
and i know how really hurt you .	you il see !
on your knees !	that s how i love you .
wait .	what s wrong ?
i dreamt you betrayed my trust .	dreams can deceive you .
hold me !	don t you love me anymore ?
shall i be nice just one more time ?	just one time ?
do you knowthe story of dionysus ox ?	a courtier invented for dionysus the tyrant of syracuse a new instrument of torture
it was an iron ox in which someone sentenced to death was placed .	the ox was then put in a huge fire . the screaming and wailing of the tormented victim in the red hot iron sound like the mooing of an ox .
it was an iron ox in which someone sentenced to death was placed .	the ox was then put in a huge fire .
dionysus smiled nicely at the inventor and immediately had him placed in the iron ox to test his own invention .	you are the one who incited me to violence .
and you il be the first victim .	i now enjoy having someone in my power and mistreating him .
above all someone who loves me .	do you stii love me ?
lnsanely !	you re divine !
the whip !	release me !
ls that my slave ?	my property ?
mister severin von kusiemsky	abdicates all his rights as lover
and pledges on his word to be the slave	of madam von dunayev .
as slave of madam von dunayev he shall bear the name gregor	obey all her orders be submissive to his mistress
and regard any sign of her favour as a special grace . he is her property unconditionally	signed
he is her property unconditionally	signed
severin von kusiemsky	signed
wanda von dunayev .	not him .
adaptation	fr d rique baudot
sous titrage	b. b. com paris
go on !	will you sign ?
go on !	tell me first .
i don t know .	who s that ?
howthe hell should i know ?	shall i pick it up ?
no !	feel like going on a journey .
where to ?	i haven t decided .
what about me ?	i just have to go .
come along .	no .
we made a deal .	so don t come along .
will you sign ?	let s forget the whole thing .
you don t mean that .	i have to sign ?
all right then .	at the age of ten
l laid my hands on a copy of the legends of the great martyrs .	l read it with a revulsion bordering on voracious ecstasy .
they languished in dungeons were roasted pierced with arrows and were nailed to a cross .	all of this they underwent in a state of intoxication .
gregor .	bring us something to drink gregor !
do you love that man ?	what man ?
i m in love with you .	i ve never been more in love .
soon you won t love me any more .	tell me when and you can have your freedom .
i m your property .	think hard about it .
i am yours .	do with me as you will but don t force me to leave .
ls my bath ready ?	gregor hold me .
l don t think l m in love with wanda .	but i can feel l m falling under her spell .
this is no love but physical enslavement .	don t stop !
i can t !	you enjoy it !
l live as i paint and write .	l progress no further than an intention a plan a first act a first line .
such people just happen to exist .	they start all kinds of things but never finish anything .
l am someone like that a dilettante .	beware severin !
call me gregor !	all right .
why did you kick me ?	on your knees .
do you think you re a free person .	a man .
you re just enough to keep me amused .	don t look at me like that !
i decide what you are .	a man or an animal .
or a thing .	l was twelve when a distant aunt on my mother s side came to stay with us .
she was beautiful woman with a mysterious smile .	but i hated her because she was known as a femme fatale .
l behaved spitefully and was as antisocial as i could be .	my parents were away on a trip and i was alone with her .
l walked down the stairs and was about to leave but she stood in front of me dressed in a fabulous fur coat .	she grabbed me before i could complain
l was lying on the marble floor bound hand and foot .	with an evil grin she rolled up her sleeves and birched me until i screamed out in pain and begged for mercy .
she released me and i had to get down on my knees and thank her and kiss her hand .	a fierce passion was awakened in me she has been the most attractive woman in the whole world .
still alive ?	you came to kill me ?
are you unwell ?	your cheeks are aglow .
do you love me ?	i want you to love me !
tell me !	you have such beautiful eyes .
especially since you have been suffering so much .	can you still love me ?
i love you more then ever .	the more you torment me the more i love you .
call him !	good afternoon .
i shall try to speak clearly .	this is the secretary of madam von dunayev .
she asked me to make an appointment with you .	do you understand ?
tomorrow evening two zero h three zero .	very good .
i il tell her .	who is he ?
not now .	no more questions gregor .
i m so tired i ve had enough .	may i do something ?
massage them .	how will it all end up with us ?
end up with us ?	you and me .
you and me ?	i haven t even begun !
look at me .	i ve done nothing yet .
wait until i really begin .	go and wait for me at the monkey s house !
you ve found your lord and master .	good luck .
you re afraid of him wanda .	you re boring me .
don t push me i m not leaving you .	i have a contract with you .
we have a contract and i shall fulfill it .	i il keep tormenting you until you hate me .
you re crazy !	and i know how really hurt you .
you il see !	on your knees !
that s how i love you .	wait .
what s wrong ?	i dreamt you betrayed my trust .
dreams can deceive you .	hold me !
don t you love me anymore ?	shall i be nice just one more time ?
just one time ?	do you knowthe story of dionysus ox ?
a courtier invented for dionysus the tyrant of syracuse a new instrument of torture	it was an iron ox in which someone sentenced to death was placed .
the ox was then put in a huge fire . the screaming and wailing of the tormented victim in the red hot iron sound like the mooing of an ox .	dionysus smiled nicely at the inventor and immediately had him placed in the iron ox to test his own invention .
the screaming and wailing of the tormented victim in the red hot iron sound like the mooing of an ox .	dionysus smiled nicely at the inventor and immediately had him placed in the iron ox to test his own invention .
you are the one who incited me to violence .	and you il be the first victim .
i now enjoy having someone in my power and mistreating him .	above all someone who loves me .
do you stii love me ?	lnsanely !
you re divine !	the whip !
release me !	ls that my slave ?
my property ?	mister severin von kusiemsky
abdicates all his rights as lover	and pledges on his word to be the slave
of madam von dunayev .	as slave of madam von dunayev he shall bear the name gregor
obey all her orders be submissive to his mistress	and regard any sign of her favour as a special grace . he is her property unconditionally
obey all her orders be submissive to his mistress	and regard any sign of her favour as a special grace .
signed	severin von kusiemsky
signed	wanda von dunayev .
not him .	adaptation
fr d rique baudot	sous titrage
go in search of love .	that is almost proverbial .
couple of that question for example s if your unemployed are .	what has do you then ?
the curtains near and guards to someone contract lucrative with n comes ?	or do you go out ?
relations are sometimes net something like that as another job .	sometimes barges we nothing of our relations whereas we plan our career well .
the present nine	one year separated !
to let we still even continue lie for t has breakfast .	to let we in n coole tent will have lunch .
i do not eat gladly thuis .	records verloving .
and also n records trouwerij .	i hoef not even n white dress .
beige .	that was fantastic .
celebrate minutes .	but celebrate ?
it seemed much longer .	it is our average .
real ?	with n drink is possible t however n minute or twenty is .
or t becomes an hour or six .	but generally t four is minutes .
have only timed themselves you or have you timed me ?	why i ?
it is my watch .	weet i but why you doesn t t s try ?
it is two concerning halfzeven .	there lies in each chamber however something of you matthew .
everywhere lies what .	it is n ongelooflijke zooi .
what is this nou for terrible troop ?	it are my spullen .
there n stone in the sleep chamber lies .	if you rub ie luck brings .
i nevertheless would withdraw at you ?	still even not .
when do you finish t painter work ?	but i go s .
quisp .	hi kate with toms .
congratulated .	it is again n year h ?
am i the some which that keeps up ?	today t is then official .
today we have separated .	i hope that t goes well with you .
i have n new girlfriend .	hopelijk have you also someone .
loneliness is something else then only is .	nobody is gladly only because then you sit with your own feelings .
i must this weekend traci .	to palm springs .
to do we .	those concern entirely the rooie .
that is japanese for hello .	what is will catch in t japanese ?
weet i much .	we go to palm springs .
super .	i speak none japanese but we go tomorrow to palm springs .
but i speak none japanese .	tuurlijk not .
this is not correct .	surfmuziek ?
that is not possible really .	i file thus i select music .
surfmuziek therefore and hard .	finely that you are yourself .
how is t with you ?	bad eating small pikkie .
this way one	i hou this way of your .
do t then do t then .	i had turn off m . the door for at your to be .
do t then do t then .	i had turn off m .
you wanted not only be this weekend .	did nobody stand more your address notebook ?
someone is jealous on t vrijgezellenbestaan .	no i know that world of the naughty adventures .
hoeveel mannen naai ik in een week wedstrijd of kate . our sociable lellebel .	you are malicious .
our sociable lellebel .	you are malicious .
wait just as .	what finds you of my new golf clubs ?
here you get still regret of .	i have as it happens too much caught .
thank you very much ladies .	gladly done .
i finish you nevertheless all .	do you have n aspirin for me ?
in the bathroom .	there tony sit .
hou your harses .	what do do you nou ?
aspirins .	use you that still ?
hou .	i thought that you after all that time .
your girlfriends wait .	weet i.
do you belong to the chamber ?	i hope t .
a pretpakket .	and he is not apparently the some .
now we what is parent and us the real luxury are possible permit .	you must nevertheless look at there nou s .
say to give birth .	it are men kate .
no it are small little boys .	finished meid .
in your hok .	how let go do we to undulating ?
where is t swimming pool ?	can i be you of service ?
dispose of that thing nou vicki .	go s what to do .
n makes dance or this way .	do i have say what ?
then i say what .	what will do you ?
sprinkle me still s .	again ?
more .	still more .
do you still n see dry plekje ?	i want tan however evenly .
no longer treasure .	that did fixed pain .
when you fell from the sky .	that did fixed pain .
goeie text hear .	does this stand me ?
and ?	what and ?
those leuke golf boy ?	very annoying .
annoying .	weet you for which ask that i sensitive lady ?
leave also but .	it n has been suffered year that of toms has separated you .
a year ?	that best .
your twee n obtain your first year also i think .	flag .
what do does your prince this weekend ?	on the bank with n self help book .
something else ?	borrel ?
you also ?	there this came of .
tony want you .	talk into a message for traci .
day values you speak with .	top calls venus .
how is t there on your planet ?	i want speak vicki .
hello with matt .	you can perhaps .
but say against vicki that i miss its .	couple of watjes .
we live in the nineties .	go along with your time .
do you will sing that song everywhere ?	real sportsmen .
but count .	your geouwehoer inferred me .
is t my debt ?	again ?
yes t is your responsibility .	fore !
i have assassinated someone .	what n battle say .
does t go a beetje ?	it did however pain .
my stomme girlfriend also .	t comes real however good mr .
joe .	are you called really this way ?
joseph voluit .	i survive t however .
permanently however joseph .	can i obtain something for you ?
ijszak to do ?	ijs ?
i zat rather to something as a champagne to think .	vanavond at eight o clock ?
do i bleed in fact ?	it is not believe really how small this thing is .
are ie impermeable ?	no idea .
you find t also not delicious for amorous to be ?	ah you have of course married .
i had permanently married but .	the marriage is tof .
it will make clear how amorous we are just like at your .	i am simply enraged on my matt .
i find t tof that he n action hero wants become .	i have nevertheless this way found t .
i have t really complete a lot found .	and you also .
we all as a matter of fact .	except kate .
what n mafketels has had those .	all men are however n beetje snooze .
john nevertheless also ?	matt are also n beetje snooze .
there does t in love nevertheless twist for ?	all those leuke funny maffe solicitting .
that makes t marriage also this way terrible .	this way sits that with you and john nevertheless also ?
you are nevertheless terrible amorous on m .	you are nevertheless besotted ?
nevertheless ?	deliciously for amorous to be yes .
h toms cruising a jacket daniels without ice .	who is there then ?
johnny walker black .	how do you do that ?
you go simply .	to will stand and to go .
wodka martini .	who get does t drink ?
they .	no he .
gives nothing .	at attraction communicates the most unhealthy part of a person . with the most unhealthy part of another one .
gives nothing .	at attraction communicates the most unhealthy part of a person .
just therefore for attraction .	you can go better behind people to that you ugly find .
i am with drew once .	why do i continue nou ?
i feel myself n beetje slightly in my head .	wait nou just as .
who does want does t kersje ?	i.
how you are new vriendje ?	wait nou .
i can lay n button .	that does not think you .
bowl s looks at where we opgescheept are favourable .	occupy .
aid necessary ?	i am possible complete good mezelf ensure hear .
i have not heard how she was called .	i also not .
she lets do n lap dancing .	that does not work here .
they want you tony .	look but .
they sit look at to your .	go but .
can i the account ?	people must much rather their responsibility take . at this type meetings .
can i the account ?	people must much rather their responsibility take .
you always hear	of t t other one came .
will drink no coffee if you do not want vreemdgaan .	they tell t as if he his penis had hang . slipped concerning n role shoe and in its vagina ended up .
will drink no coffee if you do not want vreemdgaan .	they tell t as if he his penis had hang .
promise me that you continue sleep .	who sews he who nou ?
if them those chocolaatjes on my kissing but do not eat .	those find i this way nicely .
i also .	really where ?
everything ok ms ?	i let sleep you however .
that was nice .	nice ?
yes that you have had t to your sense .	you have however had t to your sense .
indeed yes .	such as you that always have with men .
you had t nevertheless also nice ?	permanently however .
we have not got used this .	you however .
yes i however .	why does this always concern me ?
because you do not understand t .	or ?
look yourself nou s .	this does not want we therefore hou .
does t have you nou concerning me ?	this does not concern me .
look me s .	what you did yesterday had do nothing with me .
krijg the klere .	not this way grof .
what sit stare do you ?	you have to catch found oneself .
what n gekloot .	where do we passing away ?
no idea .	i do not give really the debt you .
that must know you .	i need space .
take that rested .	where does she passing away ?
she needs space .	faith must win you one says .
but t is more	verkloot t not .
you do not have win t do not let see that your t verkloot .	if your t not verkloot to trust them you .
nothing wins .	stay in simply where they can see you .
you said	does not let see that you t verkloot .
you are at home .	what does you nou thuis ?
everything well with your ?	hear yes .
i did not feel myself this way tof therefore i have rather left .	do you do want talk ?
i sit here .	i will even tea put ?
i go with the train to san francisco then am possible i on the boat to jokohama .	i can not yet believe that they have selected me .
you have qualities roger .	that sees everyone .
of course i want that you go .	if you that sits transversely .
i knew that your want that i would take that job .	we marry vanavond .
you are rather .	i missed you .
how you were reisje ?	o however nice .
you seem n beetje me sad .	as i said already
i missed you .	i zat to think .
what thought you ?	i zat to think . that i of your hou .
what thought you ?	i zat to think .
that in the first place .	lieverd i am at home .
and i have n surprise taken along for your .	look s what i have taken along for your .
i have taken along t for your to take part in .	do we continue do this way against each other ?
how mean you ?	you could have stood up and can look at me .
you walk in exactly .	question how my weekend was or this way .
how you was weekend ?	not to believe .
you are not believe .	how do i have do t then ?
as if you are amorous .	but let sit .
are relations now more difficult ?	people are this way fool busy with what living offers that they do not give himself .
and we live longer .	if your woman former on the its three five ste pipe went out . you made yourself no care concerning wrinkles or ramparts .
and we live longer .	if your woman former on the its three five ste pipe went out .
now think you	i must t with that trut endure to them seven five eight zero is .
thus men think ladies .	therefore somewhere there is nevertheless n sterfgeval .
the man exchanges her in for n more newly younger model .	you speak with janet .
i had n red dress .	previous weekend .
in palm springs .	i withdrew you oar and .
do you remind yourself me still ?	i you have violated about a beetje in chamber one zero two .
your lunch pause is beyond and she stands please almost on .	you make but no care .
differently get you still n child .	i am not happy .
that must be you however .	i regulate t however .
just on my hair .	against naldo i but say that an extra long need nood lunchpauze take .
perhaps t lies to me .	i weet t also not traci give themselves normally entirely .
sex ?	since she has been being she has scarcely touched me .
also something has happened strange with janet .	or something has cracked .
sex ?	yes at last there is now sex .
each day .	two times .
i do not manage t .	that is nevertheless beautiful ?
how much is that ?	no idea .
but what is you .	it is however fine but t is pure sex .
at least thus t feels as pure sex .	hoezo no idea ?
it is not per se bad .	a relation knows his seasons .
hillocks and valleys to scram and windows ebb and vloed .	ebb and vloed ?
where have do ie t in godsnaam ?	you cannot send n relation .
two times daags seven days .	that is fourteen times in the week .
we hear have sex purely do not have sex .	it is ordinary sex and then sleep .
cuddle no longer afterwards ?	it started all after that reisje .
i have the plague to r .	it comes by her .
yes by her .	but n nice thing .
does t do no pain ?	that can say you however .
he is swollen .	the mazzel boys .
they would have separate .	why ?
he goes strangely .	in t first year is not unfaithful the cause .
rather financial care .	you must read not too much books .
that is not the reality .	what can its inaccuracy make a difference you ?
it does not hear .	how you would find t as traci n affair had ?
and vicki then ?	then we will have each other still .
why do men do that ?	each other on the back beats .
no idea .	thus i i do not say that you want screw .
i do not want screw you also hear .	nou then .
certain knowing ?	not n small beetje ?
does t lie to my muffler ?	to look .
i ring you still .	how were your reisje actual ?
nicely hear .	what you has done ?
ah your weet however to undulate and this way .	have janet told nothing concerning ?
we have not really spoken each other .	i will assemble this role but s .
with that i am the complete night still busy but therefore i go s .	i call back you however .
who was that ?	simply traci .
hoezo ?	you hung this way fast .
she got n wisselgesprek .	was she then at home ?
you are early at home .	little news .
what have you all done ?	you are however curious h ?
if you do not want tell t .	i am simply very tired .
i am doodop .	but i will lie even .
that seems n well idea me .	i am not now in the poll .
i have no sense .	i have real no sense .
ok ?	keep off of me .
i am disgusted of your .	janet ?
are you that ?	you are late .
where zat you ?	everyone is already to house .
i had t still busy .	with which ?
hoezo ?	this is d evening .
bowl to let we n pellet throw .	that is not possible i.
i n hand has break .	then you do not participate .
bowl we will play .	here .
he has drunk .	nou and ?
gooi but on .	i stand deep .
hierheen .	what n speed .
even on black shoes .	malloot .
quietly .	in a drunken manner play you improve .
i will ring even n ambulance .	what is there nevertheless wrong with your ?
what is there wrong with me ?	it is wrong with janet .
i have caught her .	she screws other one with n .
that does not think you .	or an other klootzak of n kantoorpikkie .
that weekendje in the desert .	i heard his voice to the tel .
i find t all best because i weet exactly what i will do .	what then ?
pellet throws .	to do we .
do i get the ball firstly ?	do i seem such scheids ?
look he looks at .	i shot as a n meid .
beautiful bordwerk .	you must no make impression hear .
do you stand on n invalid parking place ?	calculation themselves you now with left ?
this do not want you .	just on my hand .
what is there to the hand ?	i weet t of janet .
john have come .	why have you told nothing ?
she is my girlfriend .	and i am you man .
you could not tell to john t .	trusted you me in this not ?
i want make about this no brawl .	i do not do that also .
what will do ie think you ?	no idea .
you cannot tell janet that i weet that john .	i hou my mouth .
has there happened still more ?	what then ?
if still more has happened there . and you want me there what concerning tells .	how can you say something like that ?
and you want me there what concerning tells .	how can you say something like that ?
you do the last time oddly .	o yes ?
indeed yes .	understand me well i you will do nothing .
i want know t now .	say t but right in my face .
say that nothing has happened .	then i there never more to questions .
i swear t you .	nothing has really happened .
beautiful .	can i sleep now ?
tomorrow evening at that etentje .	me then not only leaves .
no cigarette smoke with your girlfriends no nose powder and this way .	remain at me .
i no longer smelled .	your weet however what i mean .
i weet t .	it is one zero hours five nine .
even checking .	do you say t if your vreemdgaat ?
no .	nou s waits just as .
no because t does them more pain if they know t .	if you tell to your partner t clamour there then immediately but n therapeut .
not per se .	take nou people in europe those do not do nevertheless differently ?
what kind of dress will carry you ?	blank like now ?
no i hou not of traditional .	not like at kate .
no that is nothing for you .	your wedding was nice .
goeie link .	but i have rather a dj or this way .
that link at kate was nevertheless not crazy ?	they knew few numbers but .
to let we toast .	i weet n goeie .
two nonnen walk in n bordeel .	those are this way grof .
tell that concerning that horse .	a horse sits in n kroeg .
says the barkeeper	why that long face ?
everyone knows m . already .	you can tell m . this way well .
everyone knows m . already .	you can tell m .
already .	you can tell m . this way well .
already .	you can tell m .
still what champagne ms ?	ms ?
you are fixed actress .	i do my best .
i thought all that i knew you nowhere of .	i obtain the cafeine free coffee .
you do not will here nevertheless smoke ?	i will powder my nose outside smoke and deeply reflect .
liefhebbers still more ?	i go along however .
even smoking .	sociably h ?
nice cake .	here your cafeine free coffee is .
thanks reuze .	can i mean still something for you ?
no i hoef nothing .	nice coffee has them here h ?
i must piss just as .	say something did i found oneself ?
do not do .	but go to your girlfriends .
i do that .	you go pace .
then i do not will piss .	that is not necessary .
beautiful .	this is n party hear .
hou you matt .	can i piss then just as ?
not to believe .	i am this way .
go s just as on the side .	did you come zoeken me ?
really something for you that to think .	such do things you also .
he is such an enormous lul .	she is such an enormous teef .
he is litterally and figurative a klootzak .	i am not here the klootzak hear .
he sits there with that face .	them sits there but with that smiling derisively glimlachje as if i of nothing weet .
he weet t fixed .	them weet that i t weet .
he weet t .	how can ie t know ?
he weet t .	how ?
belief me but .	he weet that i still screw that vent .
which vent ?	of our weekendje .
that does not think you .	i weet what i do .
what does you then ?	i stand smoke .
she now even smokes in house .	why are not yet you at its way ?
i see gladly suffering its .	i continue ask how its weekendje were .
you let her suffer therefore .	what you had done if you were its ?
not done with n other man .	have you done t with other men ?
no .	you get t however .
you have done t with other women .	that is differently .
how is that then differently ?	they have n other one in itself sit .
that makes t therefore complete differently .	but we are those who sit in them .
who you kinder want be ?	jona or the whale ?
jona or the whale ?	lets m . finish just as .
jona or the whale ?	lets m .
you kinder n meid or n fish or something like that is . with or an other strange thing within in your . where you in absolutely no manner as from can come ?	or you are kinder jona ?
with or an other strange thing within in your . where you in absolutely no manner as from can come ?	or you are kinder jona ?
where you in absolutely no manner as from can come ?	or you are kinder jona ?
but those must one select thing	how do i get away here in godsnaam ?
jona then .	alstublieft .
thanks you lords .	you have no more word said .
because i will smoke ?	was that this way terrible ?
no but you lay then you said that your had stopped .	i wanted no gezeur .
do not repeat everything what i say .	and that whereas you against me lay .
it was not really lie .	what was t or ?
a wrong show of the facts .	hou nou .
it regrets me .	o yes ?
does t really regret you ?	you have things still more lain ?
where do you accuse me nou of ?	what zeur do you nou always concerning lie ?
janet were not the some h ?	you no longer trust me .
there t twists for .	i will ring janet to hear what them has said because this is gelul .
what does you nou ?	this stores nowhere traci .
tell t nou but traci .	do not use my name this way .
you seem my father to verdomme however .	do you do want know t ?
do you do want know t really ?	i said that i would leave .
do you do want talk on his lowest with me ?	about which then ?
not particularly about which . but why .	why ?
but why .	why ?
why i no longer of your hou and you no longer of me ?	why do i gone do want ?
concerning which why do want you now talk ?	there its so many waaroms .
have to say nothing do you ?	very strange .
women will count off as a n relation on is .	if you ask to little girl n where t went wrong . she will say that ie not sensitive were did not sympathise did not communicate .
women will count off as a n relation on is .	if you ask to little girl n where t went wrong .
and then t asks you to the boy	i came home and t kreng was .
why ? i have not spoken r .	he sounded exactly such as my father .
i have not spoken r .	he sounded exactly such as my father .
you do not want be married with your pa .	he drew the tel . and i stood of .
you do not want be married with your pa .	he drew the tel .
such things happen .	as tony strangely would go t you then would something do ?
natural .	he is my man .
what is that nou for question ?	nothing nothing .
it regrets me .	but there t goes therefore not for .
he is t trust in me .	and why then ?
n takes mouthful of wine .	nothing only i .
perhaps t is however this way . that still something to the relation is lacking there that you have not seen .	i do not think t .
that still something to the relation is lacking there that you have not seen .	i do not think t .
where do you aim nou on ?	perhaps tony however not the man is for he who you keep him .
you imply n set the scene of him score and that is not how he is real .	and why you such an expert is where t does my man contract ?
that is not i.	i find t this way terrible heavy .
make themselves t nou not this way difficult .	i am this way glad that you are there .
can i continue sleep here really ?	yes natural .
didn t she want say t ?	you think that them both .
what have think do i differently ?	i weet t no longer .
i believe of it nothing .	belief t but .
you think that vicki .	i will select t therefore however for i will marry .
we remain here .	kutwijven .
from which book comes that exactly ?	gladly that you there are .
what is there ?	there i want come behind .
do you will order still ?	what wants drink you ?
something strong .	love is as a n dog from the hel .
at what kind of women have we ended up ?	kutwijven .
still something else ?	still n borrel my friends relieved for .
i am n plan to t develop .	sense in n geil sex party ?
to come along your drie n but s with me .	call me but johnny or pappie .
bowl but .	they had n pitch .
them had n pitch .	most of the kerels .
did t know you ?	didn t you know t then ?
you also ?	why have you said nothing ?
it went however nice between your .	them did think me of someone .
had them however what of vicki h ?	with that long her .
sexier .	seem did ie on vicki ?
you has t really said him ?	what have did i differently ?
you have not sewed that knul nevertheless ?	no of course not .
are zoenen nevertheless also already vreemdgaan ?	no you would have had be more specific .
i did not get the chance .	for i something could explain . he called me n liar and the door stormed .
i did not get the chance .	for i something could explain .
you had .	wait just as i get n wisselgesprek .
where do you sit ?	at my work .
traci zoekt you .	what wants them of me ?
them thinks that tony of everything weet by means of john .	i have told him nothing .
he had inferred t .	that is its problem .
i have really said nothing .	continue hang just as .
vicki have said matt that she has gone strangely .	that is nevertheless this way ?
has only kissed them .	let take part in a converstation its .
is not possible that with this toestel .	then i do t however .
but wait .	i have kate to the line .
i also .	weet i. you are not vreemdgegaan .
i let take part in a converstation its .	with his drie n ?
to think you therefore that i not .	do i still hang nou to the line with kate ?
yes i am here .	i believe t however at least .
them is stuck on the other line .	even clicks .
nowhere arrive .	bel of traci to tell t .
that nothing against john you has said .	where is she ?
that is fixed on office .	i ring her however .
traci s office .	can i traci ?
i will zoeken its just as .	that other line is still .
infect thus you t .	do i have obtain still something for you ?
no thank you .	something at snacken ?
no thank you .	coffee ?
i want do something for you . foot massage ?	tae bo video ?
foot massage ?	tae bo video ?
soft porno ?	i will your therapeut ring ?
smeer m .	with traci .
how go do ie ?	what is there going on between tony and kate ?
weet i much .	me tells that but .
i was yesterday at kate and she does very strange if i have t concerning tony .	them has t told you ?
what have tell did she me then ?	what said them ?
you are my girlfriend .	i want know t simply .
what is you motivation tell t ?	what that person at your has called that you want pay yourself ?
and what produces t you ?	generally t is this way that that person on the other partner falls .
or they recognise something in that other .	i have been deceived that does not let sit i on me .
everything ok ?	have you contributed t with tony ?
how you could me strike as this kate ?	your wax my best girlfriend .
i know you now already .	weet i much twenty years .
where does t have you ?	that weet you donders good .
concerning tony .	he who .
have janet told t ?	does not do that .
she says that everyone knew t except i.	how could i could have been this way stupid ?
you have put me for lul .	everyone thinks that i am backward .
tony incluis .	and i feel myself note bene guilty because he does not trust me . whereas he sewed my girlfriend .
tony incluis .	and i feel myself note bene guilty because he does not trust me .
you sewed that vent .	i have entirely done nothing with that kerel .
i had done that nou but .	how can you live with yourself ?
how you could listen all along to me and me gives recommendation ?	how could you that ?
hou alsjeblieft your mouth but .	i want hear nothing more of you and i want see you never more .
every kruimeltje respect that i gave you ever . all term that i produced ever for you at your affairs and vluggertjes . is now gone .	you are this way flatlied refuse frightened for only that to be you now everything are lost .
all term that i produced ever for you at your affairs and vluggertjes . is now gone .	you are this way flatlied refuse frightened for only that to be you now everything are lost .
is now gone .	you are this way flatlied refuse frightened for only that to be you now everything are lost .
i come .	i must talk with you .
traci weet t of us .	have you told t her ?
i not janet .	what has happened with your eye ?
keep off of me .	i thought .
what thought you ?	your wax getuige for my woman .
you would will marry with r .	you came to me .
i want for you be there .	does t call you this way ?
do then but nothing more for me .	you let the hoer play traci to catch me ?
traci nothing has done in palm springs .	liar .
krijg the klere .	i am not yet ready with your .
be you that kate ?	tony rang exactly .
i weet what you come to do .	you do not come .
i want talk with you .	no .
i want only talk with you .	that seems no well idea me .
you must leave me within .	you are ordinary n beetje .
hou .	dirty teef .
i finish you entirely .	i will beat hear .
i finish you entirely .	i beat you entirely rot .
look nou what you do dirty teef .	that was n hartstikke expensive mud kate .
you have told her that everyone t knew .	you have entirely infected t .
it regrets me of yesterday .	can i lend your car ?
you give me sleuteltjes but just as .	what has happened with your other eye ?
i have touched you but in one eye .	you lie in the prak .
you my lip has smashed to pieces .	you gave n lel with n painting can me .
have for that you girlfriends .	is t very terrible ?
do you lie nou ?	it turns out better than expected however .
what n strange day .	guard .
what was that ?	not what you think .
what is there nevertheless with you to the hand ?	me but s tells why everyone t on me has foreseen .
kate zus kate this way kate the sociable lellebel .	why i here entirely only stand in my one ?
you kirt but but and you cuddle . and i weet in the meantime no longer he who i am .	i weet t simply no longer .
and i weet in the meantime no longer he who i am .	i weet t simply no longer .
i weet only that i am terribly solitary .	this way flatlied refuse only .
ok .	h traci have you seen tony ?
what was that nou ?	our could have assassinated you .
you deserved remunerations klootzak .	lets me explain t nou .
me leaves separately .	kut say .
how comes that ?	traci came show up all of a sudden .
is that matt his car ?	indeed .
coffee ?	coffee .
will we will run ?	if you one time vreemdgaat say then nothing your partner .
it was n slip and you t will do not still s .	why you would her burden ?
if your always vreemdgaat you must warn her however .	that does not peck them therefore then hang you .
hou t mysterie .	do you go still with its to bed ?
it was one off .	it long for we had married products .
them came have a good cry at me .	there was no set up at .
what has this nou for sense ?	it has simply happened .
you would have had say t for we married .	has nothing done you in palm springs ?
i want plead myself rather that t all its debt was that .	that i t took off protection .
i want t however tell but i .	and yesterday evening .
you have our see standing but .	them lay on the floor and she was janet to t kiss i came within .
were kate and janet to t kiss ?	it comes all however good .
i have spoken with vicki . and she has had nothing with that kerel .	they has only sit zoenen .
and she has had nothing with that kerel .	they has only sit zoenen .
not getongd .	absolutely not .
you must finish t but s .	that is t good news .
the bad news is that traci your car in the prak has driven .	you must run therefore .
you thought that nou what did you daarnet say ?	that i . in the prak lie ?
you thought that nou what did you daarnet say ?	that i .
you lie in the prak yes .	and that has not been meant rotten .
that thinks i.	i had always t idea that sex better made everything .
i weet not what after sex comes there .	i want . simply . in the morning a warm lijf against me .
i weet not what after sex comes there .	i want . simply .
i weet not what after sex comes there .	i want .
you have nevertheless your cat ?	that is n koudbloedig being .
the fact that there is n lijf means not yet that t is warm .	there is nothing eenzamers then that .
i weet of it everything .	i am n expert in loneliness .
i am itself also profession to t become .	do you know that expression ?
unfortunate in love fortunately in t live .	which imbecile has said that ?
they say always malignant things .	who are they actual ?
bowl .	bowl nou .
my spullen ?	i have obtained them today .
it stands here nevertheless good ?	permanent ?
it is appropriate here actual best good .	indeed yes .
it is appropriate here indeed however .	and best good also .
i will show you just as the sleep chamber .	dolgraag .
but you must promise thing me one .	you say t but .
that you never but thus never still someone else will kiss .	never .
never more .	not even my papa ?
me shows that sleep chamber but .	what now ?
if you t takes life such as t is and weet that t not always wafer and egg are . and you simply are yourself and sometimes intimate are with others . then you can be happy .	dutch subtitling treats by
and you simply are yourself and sometimes intimate are with others . then you can be happy .	dutch subtitling treats by
then you can be happy .	dutch subtitling treats by
that is almost proverbial .	couple of that question for example s if your unemployed are .
what has do you then ?	the curtains near and guards to someone contract lucrative with n comes ?
or do you go out ?	relations are sometimes net something like that as another job .
sometimes barges we nothing of our relations whereas we plan our career well .	the present nine
one year separated !	to let we still even continue lie for t has breakfast .
to let we in n coole tent will have lunch .	i do not eat gladly thuis .
records verloving .	and also n records trouwerij .
i hoef not even n white dress .	beige .
that was fantastic .	celebrate minutes .
but celebrate ?	it seemed much longer .
it is our average .	real ?
with n drink is possible t however n minute or twenty is .	or t becomes an hour or six .
but generally t four is minutes .	have only timed themselves you or have you timed me ?
why i ?	it is my watch .
weet i but why you doesn t t s try ?	it is two concerning halfzeven .
there lies in each chamber however something of you matthew .	everywhere lies what .
it is n ongelooflijke zooi .	what is this nou for terrible troop ?
it are my spullen .	there n stone in the sleep chamber lies .
if you rub ie luck brings .	i nevertheless would withdraw at you ?
still even not .	when do you finish t painter work ?
but i go s .	quisp .
hi kate with toms .	congratulated .
it is again n year h ?	am i the some which that keeps up ?
today t is then official .	today we have separated .
i hope that t goes well with you .	i have n new girlfriend .
hopelijk have you also someone .	loneliness is something else then only is .
nobody is gladly only because then you sit with your own feelings .	i must this weekend traci .
to palm springs .	to do we .
those concern entirely the rooie .	that is japanese for hello .
what is will catch in t japanese ?	weet i much .
we go to palm springs .	super .
i speak none japanese but we go tomorrow to palm springs .	but i speak none japanese .
tuurlijk not .	this is not correct .
surfmuziek ?	that is not possible really .
i file thus i select music .	surfmuziek therefore and hard .
finely that you are yourself .	how is t with you ?
bad eating small pikkie .	this way one
i hou this way of your .	do t then do t then .
i had turn off m . the door for at your to be .	you wanted not only be this weekend .
the door for at your to be .	you wanted not only be this weekend .
did nobody stand more your address notebook ?	someone is jealous on t vrijgezellenbestaan .
no i know that world of the naughty adventures .	hoeveel mannen naai ik in een week wedstrijd of kate . our sociable lellebel .
no i know that world of the naughty adventures .	hoeveel mannen naai ik in een week wedstrijd of kate .
you are malicious .	wait just as .
what finds you of my new golf clubs ?	here you get still regret of .
i have as it happens too much caught .	thank you very much ladies .
gladly done .	i finish you nevertheless all .
do you have n aspirin for me ?	in the bathroom .
there tony sit .	hou your harses .
what do do you nou ?	aspirins .
use you that still ?	hou .
i thought that you after all that time .	your girlfriends wait .
weet i.	do you belong to the chamber ?
i hope t .	a pretpakket .
and he is not apparently the some .	now we what is parent and us the real luxury are possible permit .
you must nevertheless look at there nou s .	say to give birth .
it are men kate .	no it are small little boys .
finished meid .	in your hok .
how let go do we to undulating ?	where is t swimming pool ?
can i be you of service ?	dispose of that thing nou vicki .
go s what to do .	n makes dance or this way .
do i have say what ?	then i say what .
what will do you ?	sprinkle me still s .
again ?	more .
still more .	do you still n see dry plekje ?
i want tan however evenly .	no longer treasure .
that did fixed pain .	when you fell from the sky .
that did fixed pain .	goeie text hear .
does this stand me ?	and ?
what and ?	those leuke golf boy ?
very annoying .	annoying .
weet you for which ask that i sensitive lady ?	leave also but .
it n has been suffered year that of toms has separated you .	a year ?
that best .	your twee n obtain your first year also i think .
flag .	what do does your prince this weekend ?
on the bank with n self help book .	something else ?
borrel ?	you also ?
there this came of .	tony want you .
talk into a message for traci .	day values you speak with .
top calls venus .	how is t there on your planet ?
i want speak vicki .	hello with matt .
you can perhaps .	but say against vicki that i miss its .
couple of watjes .	we live in the nineties .
go along with your time .	do you will sing that song everywhere ?
real sportsmen .	but count .
your geouwehoer inferred me .	is t my debt ?
again ?	yes t is your responsibility .
fore !	i have assassinated someone .
what n battle say .	does t go a beetje ?
it did however pain .	my stomme girlfriend also .
t comes real however good mr .	joe .
are you called really this way ?	joseph voluit .
i survive t however .	permanently however joseph .
can i obtain something for you ?	ijszak to do ?
ijs ?	i zat rather to something as a champagne to think .
vanavond at eight o clock ?	do i bleed in fact ?
it is not believe really how small this thing is .	are ie impermeable ?
no idea .	you find t also not delicious for amorous to be ?
ah you have of course married .	i had permanently married but .
the marriage is tof .	it will make clear how amorous we are just like at your .
i am simply enraged on my matt .	i find t tof that he n action hero wants become .
i have nevertheless this way found t .	i have t really complete a lot found .
and you also .	we all as a matter of fact .
except kate .	what n mafketels has had those .
all men are however n beetje snooze .	john nevertheless also ?
matt are also n beetje snooze .	there does t in love nevertheless twist for ?
all those leuke funny maffe solicitting .	that makes t marriage also this way terrible .
this way sits that with you and john nevertheless also ?	you are nevertheless terrible amorous on m .
you are nevertheless besotted ?	nevertheless ?
deliciously for amorous to be yes .	h toms cruising a jacket daniels without ice .
who is there then ?	johnny walker black .
how do you do that ?	you go simply .
to will stand and to go .	wodka martini .
who get does t drink ?	they .
no he .	gives nothing .
at attraction communicates the most unhealthy part of a person . with the most unhealthy part of another one .	just therefore for attraction .
with the most unhealthy part of another one .	just therefore for attraction .
you can go better behind people to that you ugly find .	i am with drew once .
why do i continue nou ?	i feel myself n beetje slightly in my head .
wait nou just as .	who does want does t kersje ?
i.	how you are new vriendje ?
wait nou .	i can lay n button .
that does not think you .	bowl s looks at where we opgescheept are favourable .
occupy .	aid necessary ?
i am possible complete good mezelf ensure hear .	i have not heard how she was called .
i also not .	she lets do n lap dancing .
that does not work here .	they want you tony .
look but .	they sit look at to your .
go but .	can i the account ?
people must much rather their responsibility take . at this type meetings .	you always hear
at this type meetings .	you always hear
of t t other one came .	will drink no coffee if you do not want vreemdgaan .
they tell t as if he his penis had hang . slipped concerning n role shoe and in its vagina ended up .	promise me that you continue sleep .
slipped concerning n role shoe and in its vagina ended up .	promise me that you continue sleep .
who sews he who nou ?	if them those chocolaatjes on my kissing but do not eat .
those find i this way nicely .	i also .
really where ?	everything ok ms ?
i let sleep you however .	that was nice .
nice ?	yes that you have had t to your sense .
you have however had t to your sense .	indeed yes .
such as you that always have with men .	you had t nevertheless also nice ?
permanently however .	we have not got used this .
you however .	yes i however .
why does this always concern me ?	because you do not understand t .
or ?	look yourself nou s .
this does not want we therefore hou .	does t have you nou concerning me ?
this does not concern me .	look me s .
what you did yesterday had do nothing with me .	krijg the klere .
not this way grof .	what sit stare do you ?
you have to catch found oneself .	what n gekloot .
where do we passing away ?	no idea .
i do not give really the debt you .	that must know you .
i need space .	take that rested .
where does she passing away ?	she needs space .
faith must win you one says .	but t is more
verkloot t not .	you do not have win t do not let see that your t verkloot .
if your t not verkloot to trust them you .	nothing wins .
stay in simply where they can see you .	you said
does not let see that you t verkloot .	you are at home .
what does you nou thuis ?	everything well with your ?
hear yes .	i did not feel myself this way tof therefore i have rather left .
do you do want talk ?	i sit here .
i will even tea put ?	i go with the train to san francisco then am possible i on the boat to jokohama .
i can not yet believe that they have selected me .	you have qualities roger .
that sees everyone .	of course i want that you go .
if you that sits transversely .	i knew that your want that i would take that job .
we marry vanavond .	you are rather .
i missed you .	how you were reisje ?
o however nice .	you seem n beetje me sad .
as i said already	i missed you .
i zat to think .	what thought you ?
i zat to think . that i of your hou .	that in the first place .
that i of your hou .	that in the first place .
lieverd i am at home .	and i have n surprise taken along for your .
look s what i have taken along for your .	i have taken along t for your to take part in .
do we continue do this way against each other ?	how mean you ?
you could have stood up and can look at me .	you walk in exactly .
question how my weekend was or this way .	how you was weekend ?
not to believe .	you are not believe .
how do i have do t then ?	as if you are amorous .
but let sit .	are relations now more difficult ?
people are this way fool busy with what living offers that they do not give himself .	and we live longer .
if your woman former on the its three five ste pipe went out . you made yourself no care concerning wrinkles or ramparts .	now think you
you made yourself no care concerning wrinkles or ramparts .	now think you
i must t with that trut endure to them seven five eight zero is .	thus men think ladies .
therefore somewhere there is nevertheless n sterfgeval .	the man exchanges her in for n more newly younger model .
you speak with janet .	i had n red dress .
previous weekend .	in palm springs .
i withdrew you oar and .	do you remind yourself me still ?
i you have violated about a beetje in chamber one zero two .	your lunch pause is beyond and she stands please almost on .
you make but no care .	differently get you still n child .
i am not happy .	that must be you however .
i regulate t however .	just on my hair .
against naldo i but say that an extra long need nood lunchpauze take .	perhaps t lies to me .
i weet t also not traci give themselves normally entirely .	sex ?
since she has been being she has scarcely touched me .	also something has happened strange with janet .
or something has cracked .	sex ?
yes at last there is now sex .	each day .
two times .	i do not manage t .
that is nevertheless beautiful ?	how much is that ?
no idea .	but what is you .
it is however fine but t is pure sex .	at least thus t feels as pure sex .
hoezo no idea ?	it is not per se bad .
a relation knows his seasons .	hillocks and valleys to scram and windows ebb and vloed .
ebb and vloed ?	where have do ie t in godsnaam ?
you cannot send n relation .	two times daags seven days .
that is fourteen times in the week .	we hear have sex purely do not have sex .
it is ordinary sex and then sleep .	cuddle no longer afterwards ?
it started all after that reisje .	i have the plague to r .
it comes by her .	yes by her .
but n nice thing .	does t do no pain ?
that can say you however .	he is swollen .
the mazzel boys .	they would have separate .
why ?	he goes strangely .
in t first year is not unfaithful the cause .	rather financial care .
you must read not too much books .	that is not the reality .
what can its inaccuracy make a difference you ?	it does not hear .
how you would find t as traci n affair had ?	and vicki then ?
then we will have each other still .	why do men do that ?
each other on the back beats .	no idea .
thus i i do not say that you want screw .	i do not want screw you also hear .
nou then .	certain knowing ?
not n small beetje ?	does t lie to my muffler ?
to look .	i ring you still .
how were your reisje actual ?	nicely hear .
what you has done ?	ah your weet however to undulate and this way .
have janet told nothing concerning ?	we have not really spoken each other .
i will assemble this role but s .	with that i am the complete night still busy but therefore i go s .
i call back you however .	who was that ?
simply traci .	hoezo ?
you hung this way fast .	she got n wisselgesprek .
was she then at home ?	you are early at home .
little news .	what have you all done ?
you are however curious h ?	if you do not want tell t .
i am simply very tired .	i am doodop .
but i will lie even .	that seems n well idea me .
i am not now in the poll .	i have no sense .
i have real no sense .	ok ?
keep off of me .	i am disgusted of your .
janet ?	are you that ?
you are late .	where zat you ?
everyone is already to house .	i had t still busy .
with which ?	hoezo ?
this is d evening .	bowl to let we n pellet throw .
that is not possible i.	i n hand has break .
then you do not participate .	bowl we will play .
here .	he has drunk .
nou and ?	gooi but on .
i stand deep .	hierheen .
what n speed .	even on black shoes .
malloot .	quietly .
in a drunken manner play you improve .	i will ring even n ambulance .
what is there nevertheless wrong with your ?	what is there wrong with me ?
it is wrong with janet .	i have caught her .
she screws other one with n .	that does not think you .
or an other klootzak of n kantoorpikkie .	that weekendje in the desert .
i heard his voice to the tel .	i find t all best because i weet exactly what i will do .
what then ?	pellet throws .
to do we .	do i get the ball firstly ?
do i seem such scheids ?	look he looks at .
i shot as a n meid .	beautiful bordwerk .
you must no make impression hear .	do you stand on n invalid parking place ?
calculation themselves you now with left ?	this do not want you .
just on my hand .	what is there to the hand ?
i weet t of janet .	john have come .
why have you told nothing ?	she is my girlfriend .
and i am you man .	you could not tell to john t .
trusted you me in this not ?	i want make about this no brawl .
i do not do that also .	what will do ie think you ?
no idea .	you cannot tell janet that i weet that john .
i hou my mouth .	has there happened still more ?
what then ?	if still more has happened there . and you want me there what concerning tells .
what then ?	if still more has happened there .
how can you say something like that ?	you do the last time oddly .
o yes ?	indeed yes .
understand me well i you will do nothing .	i want know t now .
say t but right in my face .	say that nothing has happened .
then i there never more to questions .	i swear t you .
nothing has really happened .	beautiful .
can i sleep now ?	tomorrow evening at that etentje .
me then not only leaves .	no cigarette smoke with your girlfriends no nose powder and this way .
remain at me .	i no longer smelled .
your weet however what i mean .	i weet t .
it is one zero hours five nine .	even checking .
do you say t if your vreemdgaat ?	no .
nou s waits just as .	no because t does them more pain if they know t .
if you tell to your partner t clamour there then immediately but n therapeut .	not per se .
take nou people in europe those do not do nevertheless differently ?	what kind of dress will carry you ?
blank like now ?	no i hou not of traditional .
not like at kate .	no that is nothing for you .
your wedding was nice .	goeie link .
but i have rather a dj or this way .	that link at kate was nevertheless not crazy ?
they knew few numbers but .	to let we toast .
i weet n goeie .	two nonnen walk in n bordeel .
those are this way grof .	tell that concerning that horse .
a horse sits in n kroeg .	says the barkeeper
why that long face ?	everyone knows m . already .
why that long face ?	everyone knows m .
you can tell m . this way well .	still what champagne ms ?
this way well .	still what champagne ms ?
ms ?	you are fixed actress .
i do my best .	i thought all that i knew you nowhere of .
i obtain the cafeine free coffee .	you do not will here nevertheless smoke ?
i will powder my nose outside smoke and deeply reflect .	liefhebbers still more ?
i go along however .	even smoking .
sociably h ?	nice cake .
here your cafeine free coffee is .	thanks reuze .
can i mean still something for you ?	no i hoef nothing .
nice coffee has them here h ?	i must piss just as .
say something did i found oneself ?	do not do .
but go to your girlfriends .	i do that .
you go pace .	then i do not will piss .
that is not necessary .	beautiful .
this is n party hear .	hou you matt .
can i piss then just as ?	not to believe .
i am this way .	go s just as on the side .
did you come zoeken me ?	really something for you that to think .
such do things you also .	he is such an enormous lul .
she is such an enormous teef .	he is litterally and figurative a klootzak .
i am not here the klootzak hear .	he sits there with that face .
them sits there but with that smiling derisively glimlachje as if i of nothing weet .	he weet t fixed .
them weet that i t weet .	he weet t .
how can ie t know ?	he weet t .
how ?	belief me but .
he weet that i still screw that vent .	which vent ?
of our weekendje .	that does not think you .
i weet what i do .	what does you then ?
i stand smoke .	she now even smokes in house .
why are not yet you at its way ?	i see gladly suffering its .
i continue ask how its weekendje were .	you let her suffer therefore .
what you had done if you were its ?	not done with n other man .
have you done t with other men ?	no .
you get t however .	you have done t with other women .
that is differently .	how is that then differently ?
they have n other one in itself sit .	that makes t therefore complete differently .
but we are those who sit in them .	who you kinder want be ?
jona or the whale ?	jona or the whale ?
lets m . finish just as .	you kinder n meid or n fish or something like that is . with or an other strange thing within in your . where you in absolutely no manner as from can come ?
lets m . finish just as .	you kinder n meid or n fish or something like that is . with or an other strange thing within in your .
lets m . finish just as .	you kinder n meid or n fish or something like that is .
finish just as .	you kinder n meid or n fish or something like that is . with or an other strange thing within in your . where you in absolutely no manner as from can come ?
finish just as .	you kinder n meid or n fish or something like that is . with or an other strange thing within in your .
finish just as .	you kinder n meid or n fish or something like that is .
or you are kinder jona ?	but those must one select thing
how do i get away here in godsnaam ?	jona then .
alstublieft .	thanks you lords .
you have no more word said .	because i will smoke ?
was that this way terrible ?	no but you lay then you said that your had stopped .
i wanted no gezeur .	do not repeat everything what i say .
and that whereas you against me lay .	it was not really lie .
what was t or ?	a wrong show of the facts .
hou nou .	it regrets me .
o yes ?	does t really regret you ?
you have things still more lain ?	where do you accuse me nou of ?
what zeur do you nou always concerning lie ?	janet were not the some h ?
you no longer trust me .	there t twists for .
i will ring janet to hear what them has said because this is gelul .	what does you nou ?
this stores nowhere traci .	tell t nou but traci .
do not use my name this way .	you seem my father to verdomme however .
do you do want know t ?	do you do want know t really ?
i said that i would leave .	do you do want talk on his lowest with me ?
about which then ?	not particularly about which . but why .
about which then ?	not particularly about which .
why ?	why i no longer of your hou and you no longer of me ?
why do i gone do want ?	concerning which why do want you now talk ?
there its so many waaroms .	have to say nothing do you ?
very strange .	women will count off as a n relation on is .
if you ask to little girl n where t went wrong . she will say that ie not sensitive were did not sympathise did not communicate .	and then t asks you to the boy
she will say that ie not sensitive were did not sympathise did not communicate .	and then t asks you to the boy
i came home and t kreng was .	why ? i have not spoken r .
i came home and t kreng was .	why ?
he sounded exactly such as my father .	you do not want be married with your pa .
he drew the tel . and i stood of .	such things happen .
and i stood of .	such things happen .
as tony strangely would go t you then would something do ?	natural .
he is my man .	what is that nou for question ?
nothing nothing .	it regrets me .
but there t goes therefore not for .	he is t trust in me .
and why then ?	n takes mouthful of wine .
nothing only i .	perhaps t is however this way . that still something to the relation is lacking there that you have not seen .
nothing only i .	perhaps t is however this way .
i do not think t .	where do you aim nou on ?
perhaps tony however not the man is for he who you keep him .	you imply n set the scene of him score and that is not how he is real .
and why you such an expert is where t does my man contract ?	that is not i.
i find t this way terrible heavy .	make themselves t nou not this way difficult .
i am this way glad that you are there .	can i continue sleep here really ?
yes natural .	didn t she want say t ?
you think that them both .	what have think do i differently ?
i weet t no longer .	i believe of it nothing .
belief t but .	you think that vicki .
i will select t therefore however for i will marry .	we remain here .
kutwijven .	from which book comes that exactly ?
gladly that you there are .	what is there ?
there i want come behind .	do you will order still ?
what wants drink you ?	something strong .
love is as a n dog from the hel .	at what kind of women have we ended up ?
kutwijven .	still something else ?
still n borrel my friends relieved for .	i am n plan to t develop .
sense in n geil sex party ?	to come along your drie n but s with me .
call me but johnny or pappie .	bowl but .
they had n pitch .	them had n pitch .
most of the kerels .	did t know you ?
didn t you know t then ?	you also ?
why have you said nothing ?	it went however nice between your .
them did think me of someone .	had them however what of vicki h ?
with that long her .	sexier .
seem did ie on vicki ?	you has t really said him ?
what have did i differently ?	you have not sewed that knul nevertheless ?
no of course not .	are zoenen nevertheless also already vreemdgaan ?
no you would have had be more specific .	i did not get the chance .
for i something could explain . he called me n liar and the door stormed .	you had .
he called me n liar and the door stormed .	you had .
wait just as i get n wisselgesprek .	where do you sit ?
at my work .	traci zoekt you .
what wants them of me ?	them thinks that tony of everything weet by means of john .
i have told him nothing .	he had inferred t .
that is its problem .	i have really said nothing .
continue hang just as .	vicki have said matt that she has gone strangely .
that is nevertheless this way ?	has only kissed them .
let take part in a converstation its .	is not possible that with this toestel .
then i do t however .	but wait .
i have kate to the line .	i also .
weet i. you are not vreemdgegaan .	i let take part in a converstation its .
with his drie n ?	to think you therefore that i not .
do i still hang nou to the line with kate ?	yes i am here .
i believe t however at least .	them is stuck on the other line .
even clicks .	nowhere arrive .
bel of traci to tell t .	that nothing against john you has said .
where is she ?	that is fixed on office .
i ring her however .	traci s office .
can i traci ?	i will zoeken its just as .
that other line is still .	infect thus you t .
do i have obtain still something for you ?	no thank you .
something at snacken ?	no thank you .
coffee ?	i want do something for you . foot massage ?
coffee ?	i want do something for you .
tae bo video ?	soft porno ?
i will your therapeut ring ?	smeer m .
with traci .	how go do ie ?
what is there going on between tony and kate ?	weet i much .
me tells that but .	i was yesterday at kate and she does very strange if i have t concerning tony .
them has t told you ?	what have tell did she me then ?
what said them ?	you are my girlfriend .
i want know t simply .	what is you motivation tell t ?
what that person at your has called that you want pay yourself ?	and what produces t you ?
generally t is this way that that person on the other partner falls .	or they recognise something in that other .
i have been deceived that does not let sit i on me .	everything ok ?
have you contributed t with tony ?	how you could me strike as this kate ?
your wax my best girlfriend .	i know you now already .
weet i much twenty years .	where does t have you ?
that weet you donders good .	concerning tony .
he who .	have janet told t ?
does not do that .	she says that everyone knew t except i.
how could i could have been this way stupid ?	you have put me for lul .
everyone thinks that i am backward .	tony incluis .
and i feel myself note bene guilty because he does not trust me . whereas he sewed my girlfriend .	you sewed that vent .
whereas he sewed my girlfriend .	you sewed that vent .
i have entirely done nothing with that kerel .	i had done that nou but .
how can you live with yourself ?	how you could listen all along to me and me gives recommendation ?
how could you that ?	hou alsjeblieft your mouth but .
i want hear nothing more of you and i want see you never more .	every kruimeltje respect that i gave you ever . all term that i produced ever for you at your affairs and vluggertjes . is now gone .
i want hear nothing more of you and i want see you never more .	every kruimeltje respect that i gave you ever . all term that i produced ever for you at your affairs and vluggertjes .
i want hear nothing more of you and i want see you never more .	every kruimeltje respect that i gave you ever .
you are this way flatlied refuse frightened for only that to be you now everything are lost .	i come .
i must talk with you .	traci weet t of us .
have you told t her ?	i not janet .
what has happened with your eye ?	keep off of me .
i thought .	what thought you ?
your wax getuige for my woman .	you would will marry with r .
you came to me .	i want for you be there .
does t call you this way ?	do then but nothing more for me .
you let the hoer play traci to catch me ?	traci nothing has done in palm springs .
liar .	krijg the klere .
i am not yet ready with your .	be you that kate ?
tony rang exactly .	i weet what you come to do .
you do not come .	i want talk with you .
no .	i want only talk with you .
that seems no well idea me .	you must leave me within .
you are ordinary n beetje .	hou .
dirty teef .	i finish you entirely .
i will beat hear .	i finish you entirely .
i beat you entirely rot .	look nou what you do dirty teef .
that was n hartstikke expensive mud kate .	you have told her that everyone t knew .
you have entirely infected t .	it regrets me of yesterday .
can i lend your car ?	you give me sleuteltjes but just as .
what has happened with your other eye ?	i have touched you but in one eye .
you lie in the prak .	you my lip has smashed to pieces .
you gave n lel with n painting can me .	have for that you girlfriends .
is t very terrible ?	do you lie nou ?
it turns out better than expected however .	what n strange day .
guard .	what was that ?
not what you think .	what is there nevertheless with you to the hand ?
me but s tells why everyone t on me has foreseen .	kate zus kate this way kate the sociable lellebel .
why i here entirely only stand in my one ?	you kirt but but and you cuddle . and i weet in the meantime no longer he who i am .
why i here entirely only stand in my one ?	you kirt but but and you cuddle .
i weet t simply no longer .	i weet only that i am terribly solitary .
this way flatlied refuse only .	ok .
h traci have you seen tony ?	what was that nou ?
our could have assassinated you .	you deserved remunerations klootzak .
lets me explain t nou .	me leaves separately .
kut say .	how comes that ?
traci came show up all of a sudden .	is that matt his car ?
indeed .	coffee ?
coffee .	will we will run ?
if you one time vreemdgaat say then nothing your partner .	it was n slip and you t will do not still s .
why you would her burden ?	if your always vreemdgaat you must warn her however .
that does not peck them therefore then hang you .	hou t mysterie .
do you go still with its to bed ?	it was one off .
it long for we had married products .	them came have a good cry at me .
there was no set up at .	what has this nou for sense ?
it has simply happened .	you would have had say t for we married .
has nothing done you in palm springs ?	i want plead myself rather that t all its debt was that .
that i t took off protection .	i want t however tell but i .
and yesterday evening .	you have our see standing but .
them lay on the floor and she was janet to t kiss i came within .	were kate and janet to t kiss ?
it comes all however good .	i have spoken with vicki . and she has had nothing with that kerel .
it comes all however good .	i have spoken with vicki .
they has only sit zoenen .	not getongd .
absolutely not .	you must finish t but s .
that is t good news .	the bad news is that traci your car in the prak has driven .
you must run therefore .	you thought that nou what did you daarnet say ?
that i . in the prak lie ?	you lie in the prak yes .
in the prak lie ?	you lie in the prak yes .
and that has not been meant rotten .	that thinks i.
i had always t idea that sex better made everything .	i weet not what after sex comes there .
i want . simply . in the morning a warm lijf against me .	you have nevertheless your cat ?
simply . in the morning a warm lijf against me .	you have nevertheless your cat ?
in the morning a warm lijf against me .	you have nevertheless your cat ?
that is n koudbloedig being .	the fact that there is n lijf means not yet that t is warm .
there is nothing eenzamers then that .	i weet of it everything .
i am n expert in loneliness .	i am itself also profession to t become .
do you know that expression ?	unfortunate in love fortunately in t live .
which imbecile has said that ?	they say always malignant things .
who are they actual ?	bowl .
bowl nou .	my spullen ?
i have obtained them today .	it stands here nevertheless good ?
permanent ?	it is appropriate here actual best good .
indeed yes .	it is appropriate here indeed however .
and best good also .	i will show you just as the sleep chamber .
dolgraag .	but you must promise thing me one .
you say t but .	that you never but thus never still someone else will kiss .
never .	never more .
not even my papa ?	me shows that sleep chamber but .
what now ?	if you t takes life such as t is and weet that t not always wafer and egg are . and you simply are yourself and sometimes intimate are with others . then you can be happy .
what now ?	if you t takes life such as t is and weet that t not always wafer and egg are . and you simply are yourself and sometimes intimate are with others .
what now ?	if you t takes life such as t is and weet that t not always wafer and egg are .
dutch subtitling treats by	vehash http www . step square . netherlands subs
dutch subtitling treats by	vehash http www . step square .
dutch subtitling treats by	vehash http www .
woman narrating	dying is an art .
like everything else	i do it exceptionally well .
i do it so it feels like hell .	i do it so it feels real .
i guess you could say i have a call .	new edition of the saint botolph s review .
new edition of the saint botolph s review .	new edition ofthe saint botolph s review .
woman	tom .
tom .	excuse me .
tom .	tom where are the magazines ?
they got held up at the printers .	i saw you selling them .
oh that s right .	chuckles
they didn t review me did they ?	no they . reviewed you all right .
they didn t review me did they ?	no they .
it s poetry page one one .	essentially commercial .
bourgeois poetic .	nakedly ambitious .
it s not very flattering .	who the hell do they think they are ?
well you can ask them yourself if you want .	there s a launch party at the women s union tonight .
eight zero zero .	where is he ?
who ?	the one who wrote it .
what that stuff about you ?	no .
the one who wrote fallgrief s girlfriend .	this edward hughes .
ted .	he s over there .
i read your poems .	what ?
as soon as i saw them i knew they were the real thing .	great big crashing poems .
not blubbering baby stuff like the others .	they re colossal .
magnificent .	great blowing winds on steel girders .
you like ?	i like .
oh most dear unscratchable diamond .	who the hell are you ?
sylvia plath .	sylvia plath .
the one whose poem you tore to shreds .	no .
no .	yes .
it was the editor .	he must have known you were very beautiful .
you re all there aren t you ?	yes
i am .	i have an obligation in the other room .
oh jesus christ !	this i il keep .
sylvia thinking	black marauder .
one day i il have my death ofhim .	one day i il have my death of him ?
it s a bit morbid isn t it ?	he s my black marauder .
well don t get your hopes up .	why ?
what have you heard ?	him and his crowd all they care about is poetry .
anything else is a distraction .	including steady girlfriends .
even pretty american ones . with fulbright scholarships and red bicycles .	sylvia
with fulbright scholarships and red bicycles .	sylvia
ted hughes .	ted hughes .
edward hughes .	edward hughes .
sylvia plath .	ted hughes .
mrs. sylvia hughes .	tom
get over .	chuckling
quiet !	oh shit !
wh which one ?	that one .
how the bloody hell do you know ?	the light s on .
what are you doing ?	stand back .
ted	oh bugger .
give us a shot .	here .
ooh !	what are you trying to do ?
bloody hell !	chuckles
oh shit .	shit !
both chuckling	shh !
who is it ?	who s there ?
i m looking for miss sylvia plath .	well she s not here so just bugger off .
excuse me .	please could you tell her that edward hughes
ted hughes called for her .	you re late .
he was here .	who ?
your black marauder .	him and his little playmate legless chucking clods at my window .
thought it was yours apparently .	what did he say ?
chuckles	nothing comprehensible .
sylvia he left an address .	the chief defect of henry king was chewing little bits of string .
at last he swallowed some which tied itself in ugly knots inside .	physicians of the utmost fame were called at once ted
no no no .	it s it s magic .
it s not about magic .	it s not like magic .
it is magic .	when henry with his latest breath cried oh my friends
it s real magic .	it s not conjuring tricks .
or pulling rabbits out ofbloody hats .	bugger !
incantations spells ceremonies rituals wh what are they ?	ted
they re poems .	but if it comes to slaughter
so what s a poet ?	he s a shaman that s what he is .
or she .	now in injia s sunny clime where i used to spend my time a fucking good poem is a weapon .
it s and not like a a popgun or something .	it was din !
din !	din ! it s a bomb .
din !	din !
it s like a bloody big bomb .	that s why they make children learn them in school .
hitherao !	water get it .
panee lao !	they don t want them messing about with them on their own .
i mean just imagine if a sonnet went off accidentally .	boom .
drink .	drink .
bollocks .	laughing
sylvia .	come on sylvia .
go on . just get up .	laughing
just get up .	laughing
give us some of your american poetry .	go on .
if it be you that stir these daughters hearts .	against their father
let not women s weapons water drops stain my cheeks .	no you unnatural hags i will have such revenges on you both .
faster ! that all the world shall i will do such things	what they are yet i know not but they shall be the terrors of the earth .
that all the world shall i will do such things	what they are yet i know not but they shall be the terrors of the earth .
faster !	you think i il weep .
no i il not weep	i il have full cause of weeping but this heart shall break into a hundred thousand flaws or ere i il weep .
o fool i shall go mad !	all cheering
tom	come on ted .
i know you all and will awhile uphold the unyok d humor of your idleness	yet herein will i imitate the sun who doth permit the base contagious clouds to smother up his beauty from the world .
that when he please again to be himself being wanted he may be more wondered at .	by breaking through the foul and ugly mists of vapors that did seem to strangle him .
faster .	if all the years were playing holiday to sport would be as tedious as to work
and when they seldom come they wish d for come and nothing pleaseth but rare accidents .	so when this loose behavior i throw off and pay the debt i never promised
by how much better than my word i am by so much shall i falsify men s hopes	and like bright metal on a sullen ground my reformation glitt ring o er my fault faster . shall show more goodly and attract more eyes than that which hath no foil to set it off .
by how much better than my word i am by so much shall i falsify men s hopes	and like bright metal on a sullen ground my reformation glitt ring o er my fault faster .
i il so offend to make offense a skill redeeming time when men think least i will .	ted
you buggers .	tom
morecambe again .	okay .
ah dearjuliet why art thou yet so fair ?	shall i believe that unsubstantial death is amorous and that the lean abhorred monster keeps thee here in dark to be his paramour ?
for fear of that i still will stay with thee and never from this palace of dim night depart again .	here .
here will i remain with worms that are thy chambermaids .	o you .
the doors of breath seal with a righteous kiss . a dateless bargain to engrossing death !	here s to my love .
a dateless bargain to engrossing death !	here s to my love .
thus with a kiss .	i die .
how did you get the scar ?	i tried to kill myself three years ago .
i broke into the box where my mother kept the sleeping pills .	went down to the basement into the crawl space underneath the house .
and i took them and i went to sleep .	did you ever have something that you wanted to erase ?
no .	and ?
and i took too many of the damn things and i puked them up .	then three days later my mother and brother found me and pulled me out .
and what about the scar ?	i ripped my cheek on the concrete when they pulled me out .
a memento mori .	chuckles
yes .	because i was dead .
only i rose up again .	like lazarus lady lazarus .
that s me .	you wouldn t do that if you knew .
what ?	what was down there .
jesus christ !	what s that ?
screams chuckles	look .
very intelligent cows .	did you know that ?
really ?	not a lot of people give them credit .
sylvia	what do you think they d prefer ?
milton or chaucer ?	chaucer .
obviously .	ladies i give you the wife of bath .
with middle english accent	experience
though noon auctoritee were in this world	were right ynogh for me to speke of wo that is in mariage .
for lordinges sith i twelve yeer was of age thonked be god that were eterne on live .	oh that s beautiful .
chuckles	housbondes at chirche dore .
i have had five .	ted s voice
twenty third of august one nine five six .	we thank you for the manuscript you submitted recently
but we cannot use this at present .	it is herewith returned with our compliments .
yours faithfully blah blah blah .	how many today ?
sylvia	two .
they went straight back out .	and i typed up four more copies of your manuscript so now there are seven in circulation .
sylvia !	come on .
wake up .	mmm .
what time is it ?	it doesn t matter about the bloody time .
look at this .	look look look .
our congratulations that hawk in the rain . judged winning volume poetry center first prize publica you won !	i ve fucking won .
judged winning volume poetry center first prize publica you won !	i ve fucking won .
you won .	i ve fucking won .
moaning	i didn t even know i d entered .
laughs	you know what this means don t you ?
you re going to be a published poet .	and ?
we re going to america ?	and ?
man	those whom god hath joined together
let no man put asunder .	oh no daniel don t not there dear .
put it over there .	that looks much better .
yes .	great .
i d like to tie this back if i could .	goodness .
mommy !	oh darling .
welcome home my darling .	oh !
god .	oh you look beautiful .
oh my sweet .	so this is the bermensch ?
hmm ?	pleased to meet you mrs. plath .
sylvia s told me a lot about you .	mmm .
well let s hope for both our sakes that some of it s true .	leave the bags .
i il have sam and daniel get them .	sam daniel .
what do you think ?	still too runny .
about ted .	he s very
what ?	i don t know .
different .	why can t you ever just be pleased for me ?
sighs	how is he going to support you ?
i don t want to be supported .	he s gonna be a great poet .
he just won this poetry prize that was judged by w. h. auden .	really ?
and i ve got money saved up .	and when that runs out ?
mother i just got this teaching job .	and i could always sell stories to those stupid magazines .
it doesn t matter .	darling you know i ve only wanted what s best for you .
well he is the best for me .	then what do you want me to say ?
that you like him .	do you love him ?
i love him .	then i like him .
man	hey bob .
hey .	oh mrs. bergstrom .
hello .	how are you ?
sylvia .	it s so lovely to see you .
and you .	you re looking beautiful .
thank you .	this is my husband ted .
hello .	pleased to meet you .
we ve heard a lot about you .	likewise .
how are you enjoying yourselves ?	hello .
oh we re having such a nice time .	good .
thank you .	you ve made us feel so at home .
hasn t she ?	if i close my eyes i could be back in mytholmroyd .
your hem s up in the front darling .	oh .
elizabeth meet ted .	ted elizabeth brooks .
how do you do ?	my aren t you the catch of the day .
ted is going to be a great poet .	his last book won what was that ?
the new york center poetry prize .	it s rather good .
it s the uh hawk in the rain .	really wonderful .
you read it ?	yes .
of course .	what did you think of the poem about the giraffe ?
oh listen to that accent .	there wasn t a poem about a giraffe .
say something else .	i need a drink .
uh excuse me ladies .	this sylvia s father ?
mm hmm .	yes .
bumblebees were his specialty .	it s all he ever thought about .
before the war back in germany his colleagues always called him der bienenk nig .	that means king of the bees .
yes that s right .	that was otto .
king of the bees .	you must forgive my friends ted .
they uh haven t had the advantages you have .	and what might they be ?
having to fight for what you want .	that s why she s in love with you you know .
sylvia i mean .	oh my god .
there were oh there were	i don t i don t mean to sound disloyal but there were . a lot of other boys but they didn t scare her .
there were oh there were	i don t i don t mean to sound disloyal but there were .
she rather frightened them i think .	you re
you re very different .	but i think you frightened her and that s why she likes you .
you think i d hurt her .	no i wouldn t hurt her .
do you know that we found her right where you re standing ?	right under there near the boards .
we thought she was dead she was so pale so white .	some people want to be found .
sylvia didn t .	she just . crawled into a hole and waited to die .
sylvia didn t .	she just .
be good to her .	always .
hi .	hope you like fish .
wow look at those .	my god .
did you have fun ?	uh huh .
it finally cooled down .	it was so hot earlier wasn t it ?
you tell me .	i look a bit . messy because i started baking and i made
you tell me .	i look a bit .
baking ?	i made one real cream cake but it went a bit funny in the center .
i just decided to throw it out and start over .	but the funny thing is the second one looks nicer than the first one anyway .
i thought you were gonna write .	do you know some husbands would be happy that their wives . stayed home and baked them some nice cakes .
i thought you were gonna write .	do you know some husbands would be happy that their wives .
i am happy .	i d just be happier if you were writing .
i ve got the whole summer to write .	how was your walk ?
good .	got a poem .
a good one .	you ?
i m dried up .	that s cause you ve got nothing to say .
i m not a real writer .	never will be .
i m no good .	you make great cakes .
you know what your trouble is ?	i have a husband who thinks he can tell me how to write poetry ?
there s no secret to it .	you ve just gotta pick a subject and . stick your head into it .
there s no secret to it .	you ve just gotta pick a subject and .
you ve got to write .	that s what poets do .
yes well that s easy for you to say .	you go out for a bike ride and come back with an epic in hexameters .
i sit down to write i get a bake sale .	do you know what
do you know what my trouble is ?	is that i don t have a subject .
the novel falcon yard what s that about ?	it s . about a girl who meets a boy .
the novel falcon yard what s that about ?	it s .
no .	what s it really about ?
you and me .	what s it really about ?
me .	a girl who spends her summer at the beach ?
no see no that s not really me .	yes it is .
it s you .	and you keep skirting round the issue .
you keep flowering it up .	you keep all right all right all right .
shit .	jesus christ .
what ?	the tide s dragging us out .
i m not gonna get us back in .	people drown like this .
i tried to drown myself once .	i swam out in the sea as far as i could but it just spat me out like a cork .
i guess it didn t want me .	you know it s funny
i was always happy until i was nine years old .	i was always in one piece .
then my father died .	full fathom five my father lies
of his bones were coral made	those were pearls that were his eyes .
sylvia	destroy .
destroy .	destroy . hums the underconsciousness . love and produce .
destroy .	destroy . hums the underconsciousness .
destroy .	destroy .
love and produce . cackles the upper consciousness .	and the world hears only the love and produce cackle .
cackles the upper consciousness .	and the world hears only the love and produce cackle .
refuses to hear the hum of destruction underneath .	until such time as it will have to hear .
the american has got to destroy !	it is his destiny .
and finally this . poem by yeats i think . illustrates . that point rather well .	well at least i hope it does .
poem by yeats i think . illustrates . that point rather well .	well at least i hope it does .
illustrates . that point rather well .	well at least i hope it does .
that point rather well .	well at least i hope it does .
clears throat	excuse me .
the sorrow of love .	the quarrel of the sparrows in the eaves
the full round moon and the star laden sky	and the loud song of the ever singing leaves
had hid away earth s old and weary cry .	and then you came .
with those red mournful lips	and with you came the whole of the world s tears
and all the sorrows ofher laboring ships	and all the burden ofher myriad years .
and now the sparrows warring in the eaves	the crumbling moon the white stars in the sky
and the loud chanting of the unquiet leaves are shaken with earth s old and weary cry .	thank you .
thank you .	thank you very much .
that s very kind .	take care .
i was so impressed .	bye .
yeah .	bye bye .
thank you .	mr. hughes uh your voice so powerful .
but uh what did you think of the words ?	the words ?
so when is your next book coming out ?	well when i ve written it .
all laugh	oh it must be wonderful to be married to such a great poet .
yes it is .	it is .
would you excuse us for just a moment ?	sure .
i just i m so exhausted and i ve got a stack of papers this high to get through .	do you mind if we go now or in a minute ?
i m gonna have to say thanks to merwin for that review .	and len baskin s here so i who s len baskin ?
len baskin .	he organized all this .
oh right .	right .
so look take the car .	all right .
i il see you later .	right .
is mr. hughes in ?	no .
he said he d look at my poetry .	he said it would be okay .
i m sorry if i disturbed you .	yeah .
who is she ?	she s nobody .
a student .	she was . in that creative writing class i i talked to .
a student .	she was .
she d written all these poems .	i took pity on her .
you think i m fucking her .	are you ?
oh for christ s sake !	this place is really getting to you isn t it ?
but if i do start fucking the students you il be the first to know .	last night i
i was very tired .	i
it s not just you .	it s me as well .
i can t write here .	we should go back to england .
and live on what ?	we il survive lovely .
do you see that ?	murmurs
that s the world .	sylvia
page one four on line line one four .	yes .
page one four line one four .	knocking on door
there is an e yes .	no two .
two p s .	will you get that ?
uh page four zero .	yes .
next line eight .	next the new moon s curve .
man	oh those guys are all the same .
i mean i wouldn t have thought right .	right .
i mean after hawk in the rain they uh	no . the literary establishment were all hoping your next book would be an . anticlimax .
i mean after hawk in the rain they uh	no . the literary establishment were all hoping your next book would be an .
i mean after hawk in the rain they uh	no .
but i m pleased to say you ve confounded them and outdone yourself .	it s really quite wonderful .
on the back page .	in the back jacket .
uh i ve just made some coffee .	would you like a cup ?
well i think you can speak to the agent about that .	all right ?
hello .	hello .
you must be mr. alvarez .	yes indeed .
and you must be mrs. hughes ?	night shift ?
uh	night shift . it s a poem you printed in the observer .
uh	night shift .
oh yes .	night shift . yes .
oh yes .	night shift .
it was a good poem .	well yes i know .
i wrote it .	oh you re sylvia plath .
i am .	chuckles
oh .	nice to meet you .
and you .	uh tell me have you written any others or yes i have .
actually i have a uh book of poems coming out very shortly called the colossus .	i d love to read them .
thank you .	it would be an honor .
man	i spoke to george about it last week and uh he was quite optimistic .
it might take another six months .	man two
the whole thing it s about putting a face to a name .	for them to put you know your name to duh duh duh and likewise .
i mean we ve got charlie hetheringham here from the t. l. s.	there s robinson from the critical quarterly .
that one there ?	yeah .
and um there s uh the telegraph there and the times .	and uh oh yes you see that chap with the big ears ?
he s easy .	he s from the listener .
man	so it s a good turnout you know .
that s a good sign isn t it that they all came ?	well yes of course .
i mean don t get your hopes up too high but yes it is .	it really is .
they re all bloody civil servants moonlighting as journalists .	it s their job to protect the status quo .
man	that s the toughest .
mr. robinson .	mr. robinson .
you forgot this .	oh uh thanks .
do you think you might be reviewing it ?	this ?
i shouldn t think so .	we just got the new pasternak .
then betjeman s out next week and there s an e . e . cummings in the pipeline .	not in the same league really is she this sylvia
e . cummings in the pipeline .	not in the same league really is she this sylvia
cummings in the pipeline .	not in the same league really is she this sylvia
plath .	women laughing
chuckles	poor thing .
can t be easy for her being married to that .	still good party .
thank the boss .	this is good .
what ?	by alvarez .
very good .	listen .
her poems rest secure in a mass of experience . that is never quite brought out into daylight .	then there s a quote and it says
that is never quite brought out into daylight .	then there s a quote and it says
it is this sense of threat as though she were continually menaced .	by something she could see only out of the corner of her eye . that gives her work its distinction .
it is this sense of threat as though she were continually menaced .	by something she could see only out of the corner of her eye .
what about the rest ?	it s a good review .
one review ?	but it s a good review .
look it s hard .	you know it s gonna be hard .
my first book won prizes .	i il get it .
crying continues	hello .
no no .	no no .
no problem .	crying continues
yes .	yeah .
oh no certainly .	certainly .
um	yes .
no no .	that s no problem .
i il	good .
all right .	good bye .
bye .	that was moira doolan the lady from the bbc i told you about .
i sent her that idea for the children s radio series .	you remember ?
no .	well she wants to have lunch .
i think she s interested .	a bit short notice isn t it ?
i il see you later .	bye .
yes is that the bbc ?	may i may i speak to a moira doolan in children s radio please ?
do you have any idea what time she left ?	did you happen to notice if she left by herself ?
well have you any idea if she plans on coming back there this evening ?	i understand .
it i i m looking for someone who might have been with her .	his name is edward hughes .
my name is sylvia plath hughes and i	don t take that tone of voice with me .
what the fuck is going on ?	where have you been ?
what is going on ?	i ve been sitting here for one two hours !
where have you been ?	i was at a meeting !
that was one two hours ago !	it was a lunch meeting .
it went into dinner !	i called the bbc and they said moira doolan left !
she had another meeting !	we met later !
fiction really isn t your gift is it ?	we had dinner !
why don t you tell me where you were ?	she s a middle aged woman .
fucking liar !	i love you .
do you ?	ted
a month in advance that il do as a deposit .	you ve got uh a bedroom kitchen uh another bedroom or a study or whatever you want to use it for .
and this is the living room which you ve seen already .	that s it .
not much to it i m afraid .	no it s fantastic .
it would be great for david .	why ?
ah .	so are we .
you re	ted hughes .
oh my god .	that s
i gave assia a copy of your book the colossus .	that s amazing .
yes i love your poems .	mmm .
they re very beautiful .	they re frightening .
mmm .	they have this this haunting quality .
what ?	no it s just . that s the best review i ve ever gotten .
what ?	no it s just .
yes i m sure .	i think the fresh air will help with the writing .
you think it will be isolated ?	devon i mean ?
you know you should come down and spend a weekend with us .	thank you .
shouldn t they ?	shouldn t they what ?
come down to devon and spend a weekend .	they should .
get out of the city .	would be nice .
i d love to .	do you want to go higher ?
whoa .	oopsy .
ted	i il get it .
hello .	hello .
no i m fine .	we re both fine .
how are you ?	how s david ?
oh he has ?	oh that s good .
chuckles	no that would be great yes .
well saturday s fine .	yes yes .
yes .	i il look forward to it .
cheerio .	bye bye .
bye .	that was assia and david .
they wanna come down this saturday .	that il be nice no ?
assia	god it s so inspiring up here .
it s good to see you and ted again .	here take my hand .
it s muddy .	oh my god .
would you mind ?	there you go .
thank you .	thank you ted .
oh this country air .	well this soup is extraordinary .
mm .	have some more .
no i couldn t .	thank you .
please .	here let me help you .
ah there s plenty .	assia
oh . just a little please .	there you go .
just a little please .	there you go .
whoops .	thanks .
always loved my food .	ted says you have the new robert lowell recording .
what ?	the new robert lowell . recording .
what ?	the new robert lowell .
what about it ?	well perhaps we could listen to it later ?
fine .	thank you .
thank you .	thank you .
excuse me .	do you mind telling me what s going on ?
i see you .	you see what ?
why do you insist on humiliating me ?	sylvia nobody s humiliating you .
i mean why bother ?	you do such a bloody good job of it yourself .
can i give you a top up ?	please .
oh my god .	look at this .
oh jesus christ .	thank you .
that s enough for me .	thank you .
ted	thank you .
i shall be very insulted if you don t eat .	would you like some ?
no you help yourself .	david
thanks .	clicks teeth
so are you managing to write at all with the baby ?	me ?
oh no .	no .
but ted is .	and that s really all that matters isn t it ?
i mean he s the real poet in the house .	robert lowell over record player
the sea was still breaking violently and night had steamed . into our north atlantic fleet when the drowned sailor clutched the dragnet .	light flashed from his matted head and marble feet .
into our north atlantic fleet when the drowned sailor clutched the dragnet .	light flashed from his matted head and marble feet .
he grappled at the net with the coiled hurdling muscles of his thighs .	the corpse was bloodless a botch of reds and whites
i m gonna do the washing up .	i il help .
no i m fine .	no i insist .
lowell	. on a stranded hulk heavy with sand .
lowell	.
i il wash you dry .	yes . and heave it seaward whence it came . where the heel headed dogfish barks . its nose on ahab s void and forehead . and the name is blocked in yellow chalk .
i il wash you dry .	yes . and heave it seaward whence it came . where the heel headed dogfish barks . its nose on ahab s void and forehead .
i il wash you dry .	yes . and heave it seaward whence it came . where the heel headed dogfish barks .
i il wash you dry .	yes . and heave it seaward whence it came .
i il wash you dry .	yes .
what is going on ?	nothing s going on .
assia was just telling me about a dream she d had .	can i help with anything ?
i m so tired and i	you don t know what i ve been through .
i ve got two small children .	if you had children of your own you would understand .
i m sorry .	of course .
when will you be back ?	i don t know .
a couple of days maybe three .	depends how long it takes .
i think people are getting pretty sick of me sleeping on their floors .	so i il probably just check into a bed and breakfast .
you don t have to go you know .	yes i do .
sylvia ?	the truth comes to me .
the truth loves me .	hello ?
i know who you are .	hello .
get out .	sylvia thinking
this is the light of the mind .	if the moon smiled she would resemble you .
their redness talks to my wound .	thinking continues
she would drag me cruelly being barren .	thick red and slipping
your nakedness shadows our safety .	whose is that long white box on the grove ?
they can die i need feed them nothing .	i sizzled in his blue
our cheesecloth gauntlets neat and sweet	bare handed i hand the combs .
the man in white smiles	so i can t see what is in there .
some god got hold of me	lightly through their white swaddlings like an awful baby
a world of bald white days in a shadeless socket .	i cannot undo myself and the train is steaming
the upflight of the murderess	and the villagers never liked you .
they are dancing and stamping on you .	they always knew it was you .
daddy daddy you bastard i m through .	it s uh
it s what ?	what is it ?
is it any good ?	good ?
oh god yes .	that daddy poem the use of metaphor the way it builds at the end . out of the blackness into an explosion of fury it s just stunning .
oh god yes .	that daddy poem the use of metaphor the way it builds at the end .
i d like that .	sylvia .
i know this must have been hard on you .	no .
really i ve never been happier .	and i ve never written more .
it s as if . now he s gone i m free .	i can finally write .
now he s gone i m free .	i can finally write .
i wake up between three zero zero and four zero zero cause that s the worst time and i write till dawn .	i really feel like god is speaking through me .
and now we need the little purple star .	go up here .
put all of them on .	kissing
we ve got the snowflake .	all right .
where s he gonna live ?	mm there .
sighs	she looks beautiful .
hello ?	hello ?
i m i m i m	i live upstairs and my lights have gone out .
the moment you need heat and light to sustain life itself the government cuts the electricity .	chuckles
why ?	to build the national character .
now leave your stove on for heat and to boil water for washing .	here s some spare candles yeah and some and some matches .
there you are .	thank you .
you must think i m some stupid american bitch .	oh no not at all .
i assumed you were canadian .	yes .
well thank you .	pleasure .
thank you very much .	bye bye .
ted	hello sweetheart .
this one s for you .	happy christmas darling .
i didn t just come to see them .	i wanted to see you .
wanted to see how you are .	i ve missed you .
i ve missed you all .	christmas is bloody hard .
can we can we talk ?	can we sit down ?
are you still fucking her ?	thinking
i have fallen a long way .	the moon sees nothing of this .
thinking continues	and the message of the yew tree is blackness blackness and silence .
i don t know what else to do .	i can t
i can t go back to her but i love her so much it s	do you want another one ?
mm .	thank you .
alvarez	this one is extraordinary .
and uh lady lazarus the one about the uh the failed suicides the despair the overpowering sense of foreboding and yet without a trace . of anger or hysteria . or any appeal for sympathy .	the the wealth of imagery .
of anger or hysteria . or any appeal for sympathy .	the the wealth of imagery .
or any appeal for sympathy .	the the wealth of imagery .
such horrors but expressed with um with a coolness	like a like a murderer s confession .
so clears throat	have you got a title for your novel yet ?
the bell jar .	when s it coming out ?
the new year .	are you gonna let me read it ?
it s a potboiler .	could you get me an ashtray ?
sure .	i didn t know you smoked .
i m thinking of trying some new things .	really ?
oh how glamorous .	whispering
who is he ?	look i know how you feel .
no you don t .	i do .
we have we share in common a	exhales
i	i tried to i tried to
how ?	uh same as you .
sleeping pills .	i uh i took too many .
i m hollow .	there s . nothing behind my eyes .
i m hollow .	there s .
i m a negative of a person .	it s as if i never
i never thought anything .	i never wrote . anything i never felt anything .
i never thought anything .	i never wrote .
all i want is blackness blackness and silence .	look one thing i do know about death . is it is not a a reunion or a homecoming .
all i want is blackness blackness and silence .	look one thing i do know about death .
there s there s no	your life doesn t flash before you and the missing piece of you clicks into place .
it s just there s just fuck all .	there s nothing .
so what do you do when your life . gets as bad as it can . and just keeps getting worse ?	you just keep going .
gets as bad as it can . and just keeps getting worse ?	you just keep going .
and just keeps getting worse ?	you just keep going .
look .	listen .
you are so beautiful .	and you ve you ve a wonderful mind .
and you are a great a great poet .	and you and ted you understand each other in ways that that other people can only dream about .
so for god s sakes don t throw it all away just because	i don t want to hear her name .
i was gonna say just because of an affair .	are you all right ?
come in .	sit here .
who s gonna take care of my babies ?	mrs. hughes i don t understand .
what do you mean you re going to die ?	are you ill ?
i think i really should call the doctor .	no no don t call a doctor .
don t you know what they do ?	they hook you up to the eastern grid and fill you full of sparks .
i m just so on edge i	oh god it s all my fault it s all my fault it s all my fault .
all i could think about is what would happen if . somebody took him away from me .	you see if you fear something enough you can make it happen .
somebody took him away from me .	you see if you fear something enough you can make it happen .
that woman	i conjured her .
i invented her .	do you understand ?
no i m sorry .	i don t .
it s just that i m so tired i m so tired i m	if i could just sleep a little bit just a little bit
i m just so exhausted .	perhaps we could get someone to look after your children .
oh my god !	i left them upstairs !
no don t go .	i il go and check see if they re all right .
would you like me to do that ?	you stay there .
you re a very nice man .	mm no .
you remind me a little of my father .	yes hello kate .
i m	i was wondering if i could come round and see you .
i see .	okay .
dr. hawkins it s sylvia .	i sobs
i need help .	i
i don t think i can . manage	you look . very nice .
i don t think i can . manage	you look .
manage	you look . very nice .
manage	you look .
you d better come in .	would you like a drink ?
please .	what do you want sylvia ?
i wanted to see you .	i thought that you . might like to see us .
i wanted to see you .	i thought that you .
i thought there was something wrong .	alvarez said you tried to make a pass at him .
and i ve been told you ve been taking pills .	no .
god i missed you .	chuckles
i almost went mad .	we re not even two people .
even before we met we were just . these two halves . walking around with big . gaping holes in us shaped like the other person .	and then we found each other and we were finally a whole .
these two halves . walking around with big . gaping holes in us shaped like the other person .	and then we found each other and we were finally a whole .
walking around with big . gaping holes in us shaped like the other person .	and then we found each other and we were finally a whole .
gaping holes in us shaped like the other person .	and then we found each other and we were finally a whole .
but then it s as if we couldn t stand being happy so we ripped we ripped ourselves in half again .	in the spring we should go back to devon .
we il go back to devon and it il just be us . and the children and our work .	it il be like this whole thing never happened .
and the children and our work .	it il be like this whole thing never happened .
and the summer and the fall and this awful winter it il all fade by the time the leaves come out .	and it il just seem like some nightmare that was never real .
you don t love her like you love me .	you il never have with her what you have with me .
you know that .	i know .
leave her .	i can t .
she s pregnant .	oh .
everything all right ?	do you have any stamps ?
it s silly i know but i ve got uh	i ve gotta post some letters to america tonight and i airmail and i don t have any stamps .
well can t you post them in the morning ?	no .
no i ve got i ve got a nurse coming in the morning .	you see there s a nurse coming .
and anyway i won t be here in the morning .	oh i see .
yes i think i ve got some .	here we are .
thank you .	stamps .
thanks .	thank you .
well good night .	good night .
look do you want me to call someone ?	no .
chuckles	no i was just having
i just had the most beautiful . dream .	i love you sweetheart .
dream .	i love you sweetheart .
sylvia narrating	the box is locked .
it is dangerous .	there are no windows so i can t see what is in there .
there is only a little grid .	no exit .
dying is an art .	like everything else
i do it exceptionally well .	i do it so it feels like hell .
i do it so it feels real .	i guess you could say i have a call .
new edition of the saint botolph s review .	new edition of the saint botolph s review .
new edition ofthe saint botolph s review .	woman
tom .	tom .
excuse me .	tom .
tom where are the magazines ?	they got held up at the printers .
i saw you selling them .	oh that s right .
chuckles	they didn t review me did they ?
no they . reviewed you all right .	it s poetry page one one .
reviewed you all right .	it s poetry page one one .
essentially commercial .	bourgeois poetic .
nakedly ambitious .	it s not very flattering .
who the hell do they think they are ?	well you can ask them yourself if you want .
there s a launch party at the women s union tonight .	eight zero zero .
where is he ?	who ?
the one who wrote it .	what that stuff about you ?
no .	the one who wrote fallgrief s girlfriend .
this edward hughes .	ted .
he s over there .	i read your poems .
what ?	as soon as i saw them i knew they were the real thing .
great big crashing poems .	not blubbering baby stuff like the others .
they re colossal .	magnificent .
great blowing winds on steel girders .	you like ?
i like .	oh most dear unscratchable diamond .
who the hell are you ?	sylvia plath .
sylvia plath .	the one whose poem you tore to shreds .
no .	no .
yes .	it was the editor .
he must have known you were very beautiful .	you re all there aren t you ?
yes	i am .
i have an obligation in the other room .	oh jesus christ !
this i il keep .	sylvia thinking
black marauder .	one day i il have my death ofhim .
one day i il have my death of him ?	it s a bit morbid isn t it ?
he s my black marauder .	well don t get your hopes up .
why ?	what have you heard ?
him and his crowd all they care about is poetry .	anything else is a distraction .
including steady girlfriends .	even pretty american ones . with fulbright scholarships and red bicycles .
including steady girlfriends .	even pretty american ones .
sylvia	ted hughes .
ted hughes .	edward hughes .
edward hughes .	sylvia plath .
ted hughes .	mrs. sylvia hughes .
tom	get over .
chuckling	quiet !
oh shit !	wh which one ?
that one .	how the bloody hell do you know ?
the light s on .	what are you doing ?
stand back .	ted
oh bugger .	give us a shot .
here .	ooh !
what are you trying to do ?	bloody hell !
chuckles	oh shit .
shit !	both chuckling
shh !	who is it ?
well she s not here so just bugger off .	excuse me .
please could you tell her that edward hughes	ted hughes called for her .
you re late .	he was here .
who ?	your black marauder .
him and his little playmate legless chucking clods at my window .	thought it was yours apparently .
what did he say ?	chuckles
nothing comprehensible .	sylvia he left an address .
the chief defect of henry king was chewing little bits of string .	at last he swallowed some which tied itself in ugly knots inside .
physicians of the utmost fame were called at once ted	no no no .
it s it s magic .	it s not about magic .
it s not like magic .	it is magic .
when henry with his latest breath cried oh my friends	it s real magic .
it s not conjuring tricks .	or pulling rabbits out ofbloody hats .
bugger !	incantations spells ceremonies rituals wh what are they ?
ted	they re poems .
but if it comes to slaughter	so what s a poet ?
he s a shaman that s what he is .	or she .
now in injia s sunny clime where i used to spend my time a fucking good poem is a weapon .	it s and not like a a popgun or something .
it was din !	din !
din ! it s a bomb .	it s like a bloody big bomb .
it s a bomb .	it s like a bloody big bomb .
that s why they make children learn them in school .	hitherao !
water get it .	panee lao !
they don t want them messing about with them on their own .	i mean just imagine if a sonnet went off accidentally .
boom .	drink .
drink .	bollocks .
laughing	sylvia .
come on sylvia .	go on . just get up .
come on sylvia .	go on .
laughing	give us some of your american poetry .
go on .	if it be you that stir these daughters hearts .
against their father	let not women s weapons water drops stain my cheeks .
no you unnatural hags i will have such revenges on you both .	faster ! that all the world shall i will do such things
no you unnatural hags i will have such revenges on you both .	faster !
what they are yet i know not but they shall be the terrors of the earth .	faster !
you think i il weep .	no i il not weep
i il have full cause of weeping but this heart shall break into a hundred thousand flaws or ere i il weep .	o fool i shall go mad !
all cheering	tom
come on ted .	i know you all and will awhile uphold the unyok d humor of your idleness
yet herein will i imitate the sun who doth permit the base contagious clouds to smother up his beauty from the world .	that when he please again to be himself being wanted he may be more wondered at .
by breaking through the foul and ugly mists of vapors that did seem to strangle him .	faster .
if all the years were playing holiday to sport would be as tedious as to work	and when they seldom come they wish d for come and nothing pleaseth but rare accidents .
so when this loose behavior i throw off and pay the debt i never promised	by how much better than my word i am by so much shall i falsify men s hopes
and like bright metal on a sullen ground my reformation glitt ring o er my fault faster . shall show more goodly and attract more eyes than that which hath no foil to set it off .	i il so offend to make offense a skill redeeming time when men think least i will .
shall show more goodly and attract more eyes than that which hath no foil to set it off .	i il so offend to make offense a skill redeeming time when men think least i will .
ted	you buggers .
tom	morecambe again .
okay .	ah dearjuliet why art thou yet so fair ?
shall i believe that unsubstantial death is amorous and that the lean abhorred monster keeps thee here in dark to be his paramour ?	for fear of that i still will stay with thee and never from this palace of dim night depart again .
here .	here will i remain with worms that are thy chambermaids .
o you .	the doors of breath seal with a righteous kiss . a dateless bargain to engrossing death !
o you .	the doors of breath seal with a righteous kiss .
here s to my love .	thus with a kiss .
i die .	how did you get the scar ?
i tried to kill myself three years ago .	i broke into the box where my mother kept the sleeping pills .
went down to the basement into the crawl space underneath the house .	and i took them and i went to sleep .
did you ever have something that you wanted to erase ?	no .
and ?	and i took too many of the damn things and i puked them up .
then three days later my mother and brother found me and pulled me out .	and what about the scar ?
i ripped my cheek on the concrete when they pulled me out .	a memento mori .
chuckles	yes .
because i was dead .	only i rose up again .
like lazarus lady lazarus .	that s me .
you wouldn t do that if you knew .	what ?
what was down there .	jesus christ !
what s that ?	screams chuckles
look .	very intelligent cows .
did you know that ?	really ?
not a lot of people give them credit .	sylvia
what do you think they d prefer ?	milton or chaucer ?
chaucer .	obviously .
ladies i give you the wife of bath .	with middle english accent
experience	though noon auctoritee were in this world
were right ynogh for me to speke of wo that is in mariage .	for lordinges sith i twelve yeer was of age thonked be god that were eterne on live .
oh that s beautiful .	chuckles
housbondes at chirche dore .	i have had five .
ted s voice	twenty third of august one nine five six .
we thank you for the manuscript you submitted recently	but we cannot use this at present .
it is herewith returned with our compliments .	yours faithfully blah blah blah .
how many today ?	sylvia
two .	they went straight back out .
and i typed up four more copies of your manuscript so now there are seven in circulation .	sylvia !
come on .	wake up .
mmm .	what time is it ?
it doesn t matter about the bloody time .	look at this .
look look look .	our congratulations that hawk in the rain . judged winning volume poetry center first prize publica you won !
look look look .	our congratulations that hawk in the rain .
i ve fucking won .	you won .
i ve fucking won .	moaning
i didn t even know i d entered .	laughs
you know what this means don t you ?	you re going to be a published poet .
and ?	we re going to america ?
and ?	man
those whom god hath joined together	let no man put asunder .
oh no daniel don t not there dear .	put it over there .
that looks much better .	yes .
great .	i d like to tie this back if i could .
goodness .	mommy !
oh darling .	welcome home my darling .
oh !	god .
oh you look beautiful .	oh my sweet .
so this is the bermensch ?	hmm ?
pleased to meet you mrs. plath .	sylvia s told me a lot about you .
mmm .	well let s hope for both our sakes that some of it s true .
leave the bags .	i il have sam and daniel get them .
sam daniel .	what do you think ?
still too runny .	about ted .
he s very	what ?
i don t know .	different .
why can t you ever just be pleased for me ?	sighs
how is he going to support you ?	i don t want to be supported .
he s gonna be a great poet .	he just won this poetry prize that was judged by w. h. auden .
really ?	and i ve got money saved up .
and when that runs out ?	mother i just got this teaching job .
and i could always sell stories to those stupid magazines .	it doesn t matter .
darling you know i ve only wanted what s best for you .	well he is the best for me .
then what do you want me to say ?	that you like him .
do you love him ?	i love him .
then i like him .	man
hey bob .	hey .
oh mrs. bergstrom .	hello .
how are you ?	sylvia .
it s so lovely to see you .	and you .
you re looking beautiful .	thank you .
this is my husband ted .	hello .
pleased to meet you .	we ve heard a lot about you .
likewise .	how are you enjoying yourselves ?
hello .	oh we re having such a nice time .
good .	thank you .
you ve made us feel so at home .	hasn t she ?
if i close my eyes i could be back in mytholmroyd .	your hem s up in the front darling .
oh .	elizabeth meet ted .
ted elizabeth brooks .	how do you do ?
my aren t you the catch of the day .	ted is going to be a great poet .
his last book won what was that ?	the new york center poetry prize .
it s rather good .	it s the uh hawk in the rain .
really wonderful .	you read it ?
yes .	of course .
what did you think of the poem about the giraffe ?	oh listen to that accent .
there wasn t a poem about a giraffe .	say something else .
i need a drink .	uh excuse me ladies .
this sylvia s father ?	mm hmm .
yes .	bumblebees were his specialty .
it s all he ever thought about .	before the war back in germany his colleagues always called him der bienenk nig .
that means king of the bees .	yes that s right .
that was otto .	king of the bees .
you must forgive my friends ted .	they uh haven t had the advantages you have .
and what might they be ?	having to fight for what you want .
that s why she s in love with you you know .	sylvia i mean .
oh my god .	there were oh there were
i don t i don t mean to sound disloyal but there were . a lot of other boys but they didn t scare her .	she rather frightened them i think .
a lot of other boys but they didn t scare her .	she rather frightened them i think .
you re	you re very different .
but i think you frightened her and that s why she likes you .	you think i d hurt her .
no i wouldn t hurt her .	do you know that we found her right where you re standing ?
right under there near the boards .	we thought she was dead she was so pale so white .
some people want to be found .	sylvia didn t .
she just . crawled into a hole and waited to die .	be good to her .
crawled into a hole and waited to die .	be good to her .
always .	hi .
hope you like fish .	wow look at those .
my god .	did you have fun ?
uh huh .	it finally cooled down .
it was so hot earlier wasn t it ?	you tell me .
i look a bit . messy because i started baking and i made	baking ?
messy because i started baking and i made	baking ?
i made one real cream cake but it went a bit funny in the center .	i just decided to throw it out and start over .
but the funny thing is the second one looks nicer than the first one anyway .	i thought you were gonna write .
do you know some husbands would be happy that their wives . stayed home and baked them some nice cakes .	i am happy .
stayed home and baked them some nice cakes .	i am happy .
i d just be happier if you were writing .	i ve got the whole summer to write .
how was your walk ?	good .
got a poem .	a good one .
you make great cakes .	you know what your trouble is ?
i have a husband who thinks he can tell me how to write poetry ?	there s no secret to it .
you ve just gotta pick a subject and . stick your head into it .	you ve got to write .
stick your head into it .	you ve got to write .
that s what poets do .	yes well that s easy for you to say .
you go out for a bike ride and come back with an epic in hexameters .	i sit down to write i get a bake sale .
do you know what	do you know what my trouble is ?
is that i don t have a subject .	the novel falcon yard what s that about ?
it s . about a girl who meets a boy .	no .
about a girl who meets a boy .	no .
what s it really about ?	you and me .
what s it really about ?	me .
a girl who spends her summer at the beach ?	no see no that s not really me .
yes it is .	you told me it was about you .
what i m trying to say is that you ve already got your subject .	it s you .
and you keep skirting round the issue .	you keep flowering it up .
you keep all right all right all right .	shit .
jesus christ .	what ?
people drown like this .	i tried to drown myself once .
i swam out in the sea as far as i could but it just spat me out like a cork .	i guess it didn t want me .
you know it s funny	i was always happy until i was nine years old .
i was always in one piece .	then my father died .
full fathom five my father lies	of his bones were coral made
those were pearls that were his eyes .	sylvia
destroy .	destroy .
destroy . hums the underconsciousness . love and produce .	love and produce . cackles the upper consciousness .
destroy . hums the underconsciousness . love and produce .	love and produce .
hums the underconsciousness . love and produce .	love and produce . cackles the upper consciousness .
hums the underconsciousness . love and produce .	love and produce .
love and produce .	love and produce . cackles the upper consciousness .
love and produce .	love and produce .
and the world hears only the love and produce cackle .	refuses to hear the hum of destruction underneath .
until such time as it will have to hear .	the american has got to destroy !
it is his destiny .	and finally this . poem by yeats i think . illustrates . that point rather well .
it is his destiny .	and finally this . poem by yeats i think . illustrates .
it is his destiny .	and finally this . poem by yeats i think .
it is his destiny .	and finally this .
well at least i hope it does .	clears throat
excuse me .	the sorrow of love .
the quarrel of the sparrows in the eaves	the full round moon and the star laden sky
and the loud song of the ever singing leaves	had hid away earth s old and weary cry .
and then you came .	with those red mournful lips
and with you came the whole of the world s tears	and all the sorrows ofher laboring ships
and all the burden ofher myriad years .	and now the sparrows warring in the eaves
the crumbling moon the white stars in the sky	and the loud chanting of the unquiet leaves are shaken with earth s old and weary cry .
thank you .	thank you .
thank you very much .	that s very kind .
take care .	i was so impressed .
bye .	yeah .
bye bye .	thank you .
mr. hughes uh your voice so powerful .	but uh what did you think of the words ?
the words ?	so when is your next book coming out ?
well when i ve written it .	all laugh
oh it must be wonderful to be married to such a great poet .	yes it is .
it is .	would you excuse us for just a moment ?
sure .	excuse me .
and len baskin s here so i who s len baskin ?	len baskin .
he organized all this .	oh right .
right .	so look take the car .
all right .	i il see you later .
right .	is mr. hughes in ?
no .	he said he d look at my poetry .
yeah .	who is she ?
she s nobody .	a student .
she was . in that creative writing class i i talked to .	she d written all these poems .
in that creative writing class i i talked to .	she d written all these poems .
are you ?	oh for christ s sake !
this place is really getting to you isn t it ?	this bunch of dried up malicious old women . who think their men are gonna get a taste for fresh meat .
this place is really getting to you isn t it ?	this bunch of dried up malicious old women .
as a matter of fact i m not fucking her .	but if i do start fucking the students you il be the first to know .
last night i	i was very tired .
i	i ve organized everything so i won t i won t be quite so tired um
i m sorry .	it s not just you .
it s me as well .	i can t write here .
we should go back to england .	and live on what ?
we il survive lovely .	do you see that ?
murmurs	that s the world .
sylvia	page one four on line line one four .
yes .	page one four line one four .
knocking on door	there is an e yes .
no two .	two p s .
will you get that ?	uh page four zero .
yes .	next line eight .
next the new moon s curve .	man
oh those guys are all the same .	i mean i wouldn t have thought right .
right .	i mean after hawk in the rain they uh
it s really quite wonderful .	on the back page .
in the back jacket .	uh i ve just made some coffee .
would you like a cup ?	well i think you can speak to the agent about that .
all right ?	hello .
hello .	you must be mr. alvarez .
yes indeed .	and you must be mrs. hughes ?
night shift ?	uh
night shift . it s a poem you printed in the observer .	oh yes .
it s a poem you printed in the observer .	oh yes .
night shift . yes .	it was a good poem .
yes .	it was a good poem .
well yes i know .	i wrote it .
oh you re sylvia plath .	i am .
chuckles	oh .
nice to meet you .	and you .
uh tell me have you written any others or yes i have .	actually i have a uh book of poems coming out very shortly called the colossus .
i d love to read them .	thank you .
it would be an honor .	man
i spoke to george about it last week and uh he was quite optimistic .	it might take another six months .
man two	the whole thing it s about putting a face to a name .
for them to put you know your name to duh duh duh and likewise .	i mean we ve got charlie hetheringham here from the t. l. s.
there s robinson from the critical quarterly .	that one there ?
yeah .	and um there s uh the telegraph there and the times .
and uh oh yes you see that chap with the big ears ?	he s easy .
he s from the listener .	man
so it s a good turnout you know .	that s a good sign isn t it that they all came ?
well yes of course .	i mean don t get your hopes up too high but yes it is .
it really is .	they re all bloody civil servants moonlighting as journalists .
it s their job to protect the status quo .	man
that s the toughest .	mr. robinson .
mr. robinson .	you forgot this .
oh uh thanks .	do you think you might be reviewing it ?
this ?	i shouldn t think so .
we just got the new pasternak .	then betjeman s out next week and there s an e . e . cummings in the pipeline .
we just got the new pasternak .	then betjeman s out next week and there s an e . e .
we just got the new pasternak .	then betjeman s out next week and there s an e .
not in the same league really is she this sylvia	plath .
women laughing	chuckles
poor thing .	can t be easy for her being married to that .
still good party .	thank the boss .
this is good .	what ?
by alvarez .	very good .
listen .	her poems rest secure in a mass of experience . that is never quite brought out into daylight .
listen .	her poems rest secure in a mass of experience .
then there s a quote and it says	it is this sense of threat as though she were continually menaced .
by something she could see only out of the corner of her eye . that gives her work its distinction .	what about the rest ?
that gives her work its distinction .	what about the rest ?
it s a good review .	one review ?
but it s a good review .	look it s hard .
you know it s gonna be hard .	my first book won prizes .
i il get it .	crying continues
hello .	no no .
no no .	no problem .
crying continues	yes .
yeah .	oh no certainly .
certainly .	um
yes .	no no .
that s no problem .	i il
good .	all right .
good bye .	bye .
that was moira doolan the lady from the bbc i told you about .	i sent her that idea for the children s radio series .
you remember ?	no .
well she wants to have lunch .	i think she s interested .
a bit short notice isn t it ?	i il see you later .
bye .	yes is that the bbc ?
may i may i speak to a moira doolan in children s radio please ?	do you have any idea what time she left ?
did you happen to notice if she left by herself ?	well have you any idea if she plans on coming back there this evening ?
his name is edward hughes .	my name is sylvia plath hughes and i
don t take that tone of voice with me .	what the fuck is going on ?
where have you been ?	what is going on ?
i ve been sitting here for one two hours !	where have you been ?
i was at a meeting !	that was one two hours ago !
it was a lunch meeting .	it went into dinner !
i called the bbc and they said moira doolan left !	she had another meeting !
we met later !	fiction really isn t your gift is it ?
we had dinner !	why don t you tell me where you were ?
she s a middle aged woman .	fucking liar !
i love you .	do you ?
ted	a month in advance that il do as a deposit .
you ve got uh a bedroom kitchen uh another bedroom or a study or whatever you want to use it for .	and this is the living room which you ve seen already .
no it s fantastic .	it would be great for david .
why ?	what is it that you do ?
i m a poet .	ah .
so are we .	you re
ted hughes .	i il get some wine .
i m sylvia plath .	oh my god .
that s	i gave assia a copy of your book the colossus .
that s amazing .	yes i love your poems .
mmm .	they re very beautiful .
they re frightening .	mmm .
they have this this haunting quality .	what ?
no it s just . that s the best review i ve ever gotten .	david chuckles
that s the best review i ve ever gotten .	david chuckles
i think the fresh air will help with the writing .	you think it will be isolated ?
devon i mean ?	you know you should come down and spend a weekend with us .
thank you .	shouldn t they ?
shouldn t they what ?	come down to devon and spend a weekend .
they should .	get out of the city .
would be nice .	i d love to .
do you want to go higher ?	whoa .
oopsy .	ted
i il get it .	hello .
we re both fine .	how are you ?
how s david ?	oh he has ?
oh that s good .	chuckles
no that would be great yes .	well saturday s fine .
yes yes .	yes .
i il look forward to it .	cheerio .
bye bye .	bye .
that was assia and david .	they wanna come down this saturday .
that il be nice no ?	assia
god it s so inspiring up here .	it s good to see you and ted again .
here take my hand .	it s muddy .
oh my god .	would you mind ?
there you go .	thank you .
thank you ted .	oh this country air .
well this soup is extraordinary .	mm .
have some more .	no i couldn t .
thank you .	please .
here let me help you .	ah there s plenty .
assia	oh . just a little please .
assia	oh .
there you go .	whoops .
thanks .	always loved my food .
ted says you have the new robert lowell recording .	what ?
the new robert lowell . recording .	what about it ?
recording .	what about it ?
well perhaps we could listen to it later ?	fine .
thank you .	thank you .
thank you .	excuse me .
do you mind telling me what s going on ?	i see you .
you see what ?	why do you insist on humiliating me ?
sylvia nobody s humiliating you .	i mean why bother ?
you do such a bloody good job of it yourself .	can i give you a top up ?
please .	oh my god .
look at this .	well you shouldn t have gone to all this trouble .
i m beginning to think the same thing myself .	oh jesus christ .
thank you .	that s enough for me .
thank you .	ted
thank you .	you re not eating .
no i m waiting for you .	i shall be very insulted if you don t eat .
would you like some ?	no you help yourself .
david	thanks .
clicks teeth	so are you managing to write at all with the baby ?
me ?	oh no .
no .	but ted is .
and that s really all that matters isn t it ?	i mean he s the real poet in the house .
robert lowell over record player	the sea was still breaking violently and night had steamed . into our north atlantic fleet when the drowned sailor clutched the dragnet .
robert lowell over record player	the sea was still breaking violently and night had steamed .
light flashed from his matted head and marble feet .	he grappled at the net with the coiled hurdling muscles of his thighs .
no i insist .	lowell
. on a stranded hulk heavy with sand .	i il wash you dry .
on a stranded hulk heavy with sand .	i il wash you dry .
yes . and heave it seaward whence it came . where the heel headed dogfish barks . its nose on ahab s void and forehead . and the name is blocked in yellow chalk .	what is going on ?
and heave it seaward whence it came . where the heel headed dogfish barks . its nose on ahab s void and forehead . and the name is blocked in yellow chalk .	what is going on ?
where the heel headed dogfish barks . its nose on ahab s void and forehead . and the name is blocked in yellow chalk .	what is going on ?
its nose on ahab s void and forehead . and the name is blocked in yellow chalk .	what is going on ?
and the name is blocked in yellow chalk .	what is going on ?
nothing s going on .	assia was just telling me about a dream she d had .
can i help with anything ?	i d like you and assia to leave first thing in the morning .
you don t know what i ve been through .	i ve got two small children .
of course .	when will you be back ?
i don t know .	a couple of days maybe three .
depends how long it takes .	what number will you be at ?
i haven t decided who i m gonna stay with yet .	i think people are getting pretty sick of me sleeping on their floors .
so i il probably just check into a bed and breakfast .	you don t have to go you know .
yes i do .	sylvia ?
the truth comes to me .	the truth loves me .
hello ?	i know who you are .
hello .	get out .
sylvia thinking	this is the light of the mind .
if the moon smiled she would resemble you .	their redness talks to my wound .
thinking continues	she would drag me cruelly being barren .
thick red and slipping	your nakedness shadows our safety .
whose is that long white box on the grove ?	they can die i need feed them nothing .
i sizzled in his blue	our cheesecloth gauntlets neat and sweet
bare handed i hand the combs .	the man in white smiles
so i can t see what is in there .	some god got hold of me
lightly through their white swaddlings like an awful baby	a world of bald white days in a shadeless socket .
i cannot undo myself and the train is steaming	the upflight of the murderess
and the villagers never liked you .	they are dancing and stamping on you .
it s uh	it s what ?
what is it ?	is it any good ?
good ?	oh god yes .
i il send you some more as soon as i m settled .	i d like that .
sylvia .	i know this must have been hard on you .
no .	really i ve never been happier .
and i ve never written more .	it s as if .
i can finally write .	i wake up between three zero zero and four zero zero cause that s the worst time and i write till dawn .
i really feel like god is speaking through me .	and now we need the little purple star .
go up here .	put all of them on .
kissing	we ve got the snowflake .
all right .	where s he gonna live ?
mm there .	sighs
she looks beautiful .	hello ?
hello ?	all right .
i live upstairs and my lights have gone out .	i ve got no hot water .
i ve got my children up there and i m there s been a power cut .	the moment you need heat and light to sustain life itself the government cuts the electricity .
chuckles	why ?
to build the national character .	now leave your stove on for heat and to boil water for washing .
here s some spare candles yeah and some and some matches .	there you are .
oh no not at all .	i assumed you were canadian .
yes .	well thank you .
pleasure .	thank you very much .
bye bye .	ted
hello sweetheart .	this one s for you .
happy christmas darling .	i didn t just come to see them .
i wanted to see you .	wanted to see how you are .
i ve missed you .	i ve missed you all .
christmas is bloody hard .	can we can we talk ?
can we sit down ?	are you still fucking her ?
thinking	i have fallen a long way .
the moon sees nothing of this .	thinking continues
and the message of the yew tree is blackness blackness and silence .	i don t know what else to do .
i can t	i can t go back to her but i love her so much it s
do you want another one ?	mm .
thank you .	alvarez
this one is extraordinary .	and uh lady lazarus the one about the uh the failed suicides the despair the overpowering sense of foreboding and yet without a trace . of anger or hysteria . or any appeal for sympathy .
this one is extraordinary .	and uh lady lazarus the one about the uh the failed suicides the despair the overpowering sense of foreboding and yet without a trace . of anger or hysteria .
this one is extraordinary .	and uh lady lazarus the one about the uh the failed suicides the despair the overpowering sense of foreboding and yet without a trace .
the the wealth of imagery .	such horrors but expressed with um with a coolness
like a like a murderer s confession .	so clears throat
have you got a title for your novel yet ?	the bell jar .
when s it coming out ?	the new year .
are you gonna let me read it ?	it s a potboiler .
could you get me an ashtray ?	sure .
i didn t know you smoked .	i don t .
really ?	like what ?
i m thinking of taking a lover .	oh how glamorous .
whispering	who is he ?
look i know how you feel .	no you don t .
i do .	we have we share in common a
exhales	i
i tried to i tried to	how ?
uh same as you .	sleeping pills .
i uh i took too many .	everybody does don t they ?
it s as if i never	i never thought anything .
i never wrote . anything i never felt anything .	all i want is blackness blackness and silence .
anything i never felt anything .	all i want is blackness blackness and silence .
look one thing i do know about death . is it is not a a reunion or a homecoming .	there s there s no
is it is not a a reunion or a homecoming .	there s there s no
your life doesn t flash before you and the missing piece of you clicks into place .	it s just there s just fuck all .
there s nothing .	so what do you do when your life . gets as bad as it can . and just keeps getting worse ?
there s nothing .	so what do you do when your life . gets as bad as it can .
there s nothing .	so what do you do when your life .
you just keep going .	look .
listen .	you are so beautiful .
and you ve you ve a wonderful mind .	and you are a great a great poet .
and you and ted you understand each other in ways that that other people can only dream about .	so for god s sakes don t throw it all away just because
i don t want to hear her name .	i was gonna say just because of an affair .
are you all right ?	come in .
i m gonna die soon .	who s gonna take care of my babies ?
mrs. hughes i don t understand .	what do you mean you re going to die ?
are you ill ?	have you been ill or
no i m not ill .	i think i really should call the doctor .
no no don t call a doctor .	don t you know what they do ?
they hook you up to the eastern grid and fill you full of sparks .	yeah .
oh god it s all my fault it s all my fault it s all my fault .	all i could think about is what would happen if . somebody took him away from me .
oh god it s all my fault it s all my fault it s all my fault .	all i could think about is what would happen if .
you see if you fear something enough you can make it happen .	that woman
i conjured her .	i invented her .
perhaps we could get someone to look after your children .	oh my god !
i left them upstairs !	no don t go .
i il go and check see if they re all right .	would you like me to do that ?
you stay there .	you re a very nice man .
mm no .	you remind me a little of my father .
yes hello kate .	it s sylvia .
i m all right .	i m
i was wondering if i could come round and see you .	i see .
okay .	dr. hawkins it s sylvia .
i sobs	i need help .
i	i don t think i can . manage
i	i don t think i can .
you look . very nice .	you d better come in .
very nice .	you d better come in .
would you like a drink ?	please .
what do you want sylvia ?	i wanted to see you .
i thought that you . might like to see us .	i thought there was something wrong .
might like to see us .	i thought there was something wrong .
alvarez said you tried to make a pass at him .	and i ve been told you ve been taking pills .
no .	god i missed you .
chuckles	i almost went mad .
we re not even two people .	even before we met we were just . these two halves . walking around with big . gaping holes in us shaped like the other person .
we re not even two people .	even before we met we were just . these two halves . walking around with big .
we re not even two people .	even before we met we were just . these two halves .
we re not even two people .	even before we met we were just .
and then we found each other and we were finally a whole .	but then it s as if we couldn t stand being happy so we ripped we ripped ourselves in half again .
in the spring we should go back to devon .	we il go back to devon and it il just be us . and the children and our work .
in the spring we should go back to devon .	we il go back to devon and it il just be us .
it il be like this whole thing never happened .	and the summer and the fall and this awful winter it il all fade by the time the leaves come out .
and it il just seem like some nightmare that was never real .	you don t love her like you love me .
you il never have with her what you have with me .	you know that .
i know .	leave her .
i can t .	she s pregnant .
oh .	everything all right ?
do you have any stamps ?	it s silly i know but i ve got uh
i ve gotta post some letters to america tonight and i airmail and i don t have any stamps .	well can t you post them in the morning ?
no .	no i ve got i ve got a nurse coming in the morning .
you see there s a nurse coming .	and anyway i won t be here in the morning .
oh i see .	yes i think i ve got some .
here we are .	thank you .
stamps .	thanks .
thank you .	well good night .
good night .	look do you want me to call someone ?
no .	chuckles
no i was just having	i just had the most beautiful . dream .
no i was just having	i just had the most beautiful .
i love you sweetheart .	sylvia narrating
the box is locked .	it is dangerous .
there are no windows so i can t see what is in there .	there is only a little grid .
the vlrgln strlpped bare by her bachelors	day s walt .
you il have to wait outside .	will it be long ?
i m almost done .	okay .
hello ?	it s me .
soojung .	where are you ?
i just got up .	you mean just now ?
i m not feeling very well .	where are you ?
i m already here .	are you sick ?
i m sorry .	can t we do this another time ?
soojung .	soojung you know this wasn t easy .
if you re not really sick please come .	do we really have to do it today ?
of course .	soojung you re making things really difficult .
where are you ?	in the hotel ?
what number ?	room three zero eight .
grab a taxi .	i il wait .
perhaps accldent	the three rd painting exhibition
growrich gallery	interesting ?
not much yes ?	i liked it .
not interesting at all .	i thought it was fun .
we re right in front of kyongbokgoong palace .	our palaces are quite small .
shall we go ?	where to ?
how about lunch ?	did we eat ?
didn t we ?	you can t remember whether you had lunch or not ?
anyway let s have something .	let s go .
you should start painting again .	what ?
you should start painting again .	and what about you ?
i have a studio and i go there once a week .	and your brother why doesn t he trust you ?
he thinks there s only one way to live just his way .	nobody can get through to him .
i think i know what you mean .	no you don t youngsoo .
no one can get through to him .	even though you know he s wrong it s no use no use .
i know what you mean .	excuse me the toilet .
what s the matter ?	it s probably his stomach .
are you two close ?	i ve known him for about five years .
we don t get together often but we re fond of each other .	he s a very gentle person this kid .
the way you talk about him you seem very close .	what did i say ?
i ve never seen you be nice to someone for this long .	what are you trying to say ?
what is her name ?	soojung .
her last name ?	yang .
can you please move ?	we re shooting here .
thank you .	hello .
what a coincidence !	hello .
you must be here with the crew .	yes .
can i see those gloves ?	these gloves ?
these gloves are really mine .	how did you get them ?
these gloves are yours ?	i found them on that bench .
i came back but .	i didn t think i would find them .
i must have left them on the bench during lunch .	well how lucky .
i can t believe that you soojung brought them to me .	you remember my name .
of course .	do you remember my name by any chance ?
yes of course .	i have a pretty good memory .
i have good memory too .	well i have to go .
it was nice meeting you again .	it was nice meeting you too .
oh i m seeing youngsoo later on .	i see .
well so long .	good bye .
and thank you for the gloves .	that s alright .
the independent way is the way to make the best films .	the industry way isn t right for me .
i m ready to struggle .	then i can help out .
yes of course .	but this is a bit embarrassing for me to talk about isn t it ?
you shouldn t be .	it would be good if you could help .
it would be great if i help out right ?	can you really ?
just direct as well as you paint okay ?	it il be great for me too .
is this codfish ?	no way .
codfish wouldn t be this cheap .	but isn t this place called cod house ?
this is crayfish .	i have to go to the bathroom .
codfish isn t so cheap .	new chopsticks please !
they re right here .	oh there they are .
where did you get the chopsticks before ?	from there .
let me pour for you .	do you drink a lot ?
what ?	drinking . do you drink a lot ?
what ?	drinking .
yes .	i used to drink up to five bottles of soju and three bottles of whiskey .
really ?	you drink that much ?
not anymore .	youngsoo are you okay ?
are you going to sadang dong ?	youngsoo get in .
be careful .	are you alright ?
to sadang dong please .	soojung will you be alright ?
please go .	i il take you home .
you are an odd one aren t you ?	i il show you something funny .
come .	what is it ?
i know it s really cold but it il be fun .	what is it i il enjoy ?
there s this strange guy who lives with this girl . it s really funny .	come on .
it s really funny .	come on .
they re not here .	you re really funny .
soojung .	stop !
are you hurt ?	no .
i don t know how you think about me but i would really like to start a serious relationship .	but we don t know each other well .
no .	i see .
please forgive me .	i will .
sure .	are you sure i can borrow this ?
of course .	very nice .
i should get one of these .	they re not available in korea .
i bought this in japan .	you go to japan right youngsoo ?
why would i go to japan ?	hey park !
if you re not going to shoot why did we have to come so early in the morning and wait ?	if you think editing will take more time you should have at least given us a call .
we ve been here waiting from the break of done .	i thought the editing would be over by then .
we have to leave early if we want to save a day .	you should know that .
you always end up spending three days to edit and you know it .	and you still make us come so bloody early in the morning .
come on tell me when you ve taken less than three days huh ?	okay .
at least buy us some lunch .	the crew have been waiting all day you know .
let s do it next time .	i have visitors today .
it s one six to nine .	it s my serve .
oh don t we have to check on the staff before they leave ?	okay .
we can do that now .	let s quit playing .
you re good .	why did you say you re not good ?
i m not good .	this isn t funny .
why do you say you re not good when you are ?	hello ?
hello is this park ?	oh kwon .
you didn t come back so i left .	i told your assistant before i left .
i don t want to hear any of that .	so are you coming tomorrow or not ?
i don t care what your plans are .	are you coming tomorrow or not ?
we re shooting tomorrow .	are you gonna be here or not ?
what about driver kim ?	why should he come ?
he s the boss driver not the driver for the crew .	why would he come ?
you re really not up to this job .	why don t you just quit ?
okay .	you re fired .
now you won t have to come tomorrow .	satisfied ?
what ?	you son of a bitch .
what s that ?	bastard .
you better not move an inch .	stay right there you bastard .
you know how it is .	we re always behind schedule .
my mistake .	i shouldn t have .
come on .	give me your hand .
is everything okay ?	are you okay ?
you know one can t do everything one wants in life .	this is pretty heavy .
you carry the camera in your pocket ?	i just put it in here a while ago .
how did it go with park ?	well you know .
i was too thoughtless .	it s his job we re talking about .
it was my temper but it was my mistake .	my fault .
so is he coming tomorrow ?	oh i forgot about that .
by the way youngsoo it only takes three zero minutes to recharge .	to sadang dong !
to sungbook dong .	yeah you go .
soojung get in .	i il drop you off .
it s the opposite direction .	it s okay .
it il only be a slight detour .	bye youngsoo .
get in .	get in .
bye .	bye youngsoo .
how about if i be your girlfriend only when you drink ?	would you ?
i liked that .	did you like it ?
i il show you something .	when i was young i used to stick my head out .
back then my parents and i drove to the airport almost everyday .	on the way to the airport my brother and i used to fool around .
our car was a foreign car too .	i guess we were well off back then .
please make yourself at home .	would you like something to drink ?
no thank you .	are you sure ?
yes .	excuse me while i take a shower .
would you like to take a shower ?	no thank you .
just a second .	this is my first time .
what ?	i ve never done this before .
really ?	yes .
i ve never done this before .	really ?
i m a virgin .	quite funny isn t it ?
no .	not at all .
isn t it funny ?	you don t like to wear a bra ?
i don t like to in the winter because it s uncomfortable .	i see .
i guess in the winter it doesn t show .	excuse me .
can i get you anything else ?	i think we re okay .
so it seems you come often these days .	that s your car out there right ?
yes .	it s a very nice car .
well .	have a nice time .
it s just a fork .	i would if i had a girlfriend .
i think you re being too picky .	yeah you re too picky .
it s not easy .	what s not easy ?
well you know .	i thought you were the simple type but i guess not .
i guess i m kind of chicken .	i think it s in our family blood .
then how did your older brother manage ?	he and my sister in law go way back .
they met when she was in high school .	they went to the same church and when she was in high school he decided that she s the one .
so we can say that he raised a child then gobbled her up .	what ?
well i think it s fate and .	i il take her .
come on .	i think she might have been offended .
what do you mean ?	she also met her husband when she was in high school remember ?
oh right .	and i said that he raised a child then gobbled her up .
she must really be offended .	oh no .
anyway happy birthday .	thanks for coming .
come on .	we re in public .
to be frank the type of woman that s attracted to you would probably be half crazy or decadent .	but what you need is a woman that s disciplined and secure .
that s why it is very hard to find a right woman for you .	that s enough .
no .	i mean it .
see you wife here .	someone s at the door .
i il get it .	okay .
long time no see .	jaehoon you re here .
hi .	the numbers of the apartment buildings are so mixed up .
come in .	come in .
she s a writer and works with me .	hello .
come on in .	how come it s so dark ?
where are the lights ?	in the back .
please sit down .	i ve brought some baked sweet potatoes .
thank you .	so it seems you ve had quite a few drinks already .
how have you been ?	fine .
what about dinner ?	this will do .
can you hand me the chopsticks .	try some of this .
youngsoo how s your movie coming along ?	going well ?
fuck .	why do you always have to call me by my name youngsoo when you never call their names when you talk to them ?
have you ever really cared about me ?	soojung come here .
come over here .	move over damn it .
come on .	get over here .
pour a drink for your boss the producer .	come on .
get away .	soojung .
loosen up .	just enjoy yourself .
you don t have to act so innocent .	drink up .
go with the flow .	drink up .
drink up .	drink up .
are you saying i didn t drink ?	i did drink a lot .
you did ?	okay then i il drink this .
this is for me ?	he s a thief .
how can he steal his own friend s camera ?	you don t know if he stole it ?
he said he lost it .	what do you mean he lost it ?
it s so obvious .	just because there s no proof we can t just forget about it .
it s not obvious .	how funny .
how really funny .	soojung so are you saying that he s not a thief ?
we don t know .	how can you . okay .
we don t know .	how can you .
producer kwon made a mistake .	he drank too much tonight and he was out of line .
his integrity .	you know !
he was out of line because he doesn t know about us .	him not knowing has nothing to do with it .
what about him touching you like your legs ?	is that also because he didn t know about us ?
stop it !	we didn t tell him so it s our fault too .
funny .	very funny .
an innocent mistake because he didn t know huh !	soojung are you in love with him or something ?
how very funny mister !	was it so wrong for me to ask you to keep our relationship a secret ?
were you that offended ?	how can you not know how i feel about you ?
okay .	no its not okay .
i don t want our relationship to be taken as a fling .	i don t want other people gossiping about us either .
or him staring at us with a knowing eye .	this is really important to me .
you know ?	our relationship is .
alright okay .	let s just keep it between us .
soojung you don t know what i really want .	i really want our relationship to be really meaningful .
i ve never felt like this before .	i was even considering marriage .
even marriage .	how can you not know how i feel ?
me to consider marriage .	do you know how hard it is for me to consider marriage ?
for me to consider .	don t make it difficult then .
make your life easier .	let s stop seeing each other then .
why should we see each other if it has to be so difficult ?	am i wrong ?
soojung !	come here .
come here .	come here .
enjoy your meal .	can i see you today ?
i have to go somewhere today .	i see .
how are you ?	okay .
are you going somewhere far ?	no .
a friend has just moved to ansan and invited some friends .	ansan ?
where s ansan ?	it s close if you take the subway .
she moved to kojan which is right before ansan .	kojan ?
do you know how to get to kojan ?	look for yourself .
you look very nice in a skirt .	what is this ?
beethoven s six th symphony pastoral .	oh and thanks for this cd player .
not at all .	do you like it ?
my mother asked me who gave this to me .	is that so ?
i told her it was a gift and she said it must be from someone who s very generous .	is that so ?
is that how you hold your chopsticks ?	why ?
you re supposed to hold one still so it doesn t move .	then hold the other one at the end of the three fingers .
like this ?	you move them back and forth with these two fingers .
very good .	if you re not used to it yet just do it your way for now .
i should correct something if it s wrong .	no .
why not ?	let s do it next time .
let s do it next time .	next time when ?
this is all you want to do .	you got my breasts didn t you ?
i really want to do it .	let s do it next time .
period ?	it doesn t matter .
i don t mind .	i do !
let s do it when i m clean .	are you really having your period ?
of course .	show me then .
it s true !	let s go somewhere nice .
how about cheju island ?	yes .
let s go to cheju island .	okay .
let s do it in the most expensive room in cheju island .	look at that grin .
soojung .	i love you .
i love you too .	suspended cable car
it s me .	soojung ?
where are you ?	at home .
i just got up .	you mean just now ?
i think i m sick .	where are you ?
i m here at the hotel .	are you sick ?
hello ?	it s soojung .
what are you doing ?	can you talk on the phone right now ?
where are you ?	myong dong .
what are you doing there ?	do you think you can come ?
let me see .	not today .
the whole family is getting together at my mother s .	i see .
well then okay .	is something wrong ?
well .	then so long .
do you want me to call later tonight ?	no that s okay .
you should be with your family .	alright then .
calling control room .	control room .
control room .	the cable car has been suspended because of a power outage .
tell the passengers so they don t panic .	alright .
when will it work again ?	we re calling the power utilities now so bear with us for a while .
we il use the emergency engine if it takes too long .	i think the baby had a scare .
yes .	i think so .
sorry but can you hold her for me .	perhaps intentlon
okay see you later .	bye !
come here .	my baby .
sweet heart .	let s go .
my baby .	what s that ?
did you eat ?	no .
let s go see some paintings .	what s the matter ?
paintings ?	you mean a painting exhibit ?
yeah .	now ?
let s go .	i il buy you a drink .
we re right in front of kyongbokgoong palace .	our palaces are quite small .
why should it be bigger ?	sorry to keep you waiting .
kim you can leave early today .	we re going to eat somewhere here so i won t need a ride .
no sir .	i il wait .
i il be waiting here sir .	you will ?
then get something to eat .	yes sir .
shall we go ?	okay .
let s go this way .	then why don t you move out of your brother s house .
get your own place .	youngsoo i respect my brother .
he s a good person .	there s a lot to learn from him in a practical way .
excuse me .	i have to go to the toilet .
i guess he had too much to drink .	do you drink a lot ?
excuse me ?	drinking . do you drink a lot ?
excuse me ?	drinking .
yes .	i used to drink up to five bottles of soju and three bottles of whiskey .
really ?	you drink that much ?
day s walt .	you il have to wait outside .
okay .	hello ?
it s me .	soojung .
where are you ?	i just got up .
can t we do this another time ?	soojung .
soojung you know this wasn t easy .	if you re not really sick please come .
do we really have to do it today ?	of course .
soojung you re making things really difficult .	where are you ?
in the hotel ?	yes .
i m in the room .	what number ?
room three zero eight .	grab a taxi .
i il wait .	perhaps accldent
the three rd painting exhibition	growrich gallery
interesting ?	not much yes ?
i liked it .	not interesting at all .
i thought it was fun .	we re right in front of kyongbokgoong palace .
our palaces are quite small .	shall we go ?
where to ?	how about lunch ?
did we eat ?	didn t we ?
you can t remember whether you had lunch or not ?	anyway let s have something .
let s go .	you should start painting again .
what ?	you should start painting again .
and what about you ?	i have a studio and i go there once a week .
and your brother why doesn t he trust you ?	he thinks there s only one way to live just his way .
nobody can get through to him .	i think i know what you mean .
no you don t youngsoo .	no one can get through to him .
even though you know he s wrong it s no use no use .	i know what you mean .
excuse me the toilet .	what s the matter ?
it s probably his stomach .	are you two close ?
i ve known him for about five years .	we don t get together often but we re fond of each other .
he s a very gentle person this kid .	the way you talk about him you seem very close .
what did i say ?	i ve never seen you be nice to someone for this long .
what are you trying to say ?	what is her name ?
soojung .	her last name ?
yang .	can you please move ?
we re shooting here .	thank you .
hello .	what a coincidence !
hello .	you must be here with the crew .
yes .	can i see those gloves ?
these gloves ?	these gloves are really mine .
how did you get them ?	these gloves are yours ?
i found them on that bench .	i came back but .
i didn t think i would find them .	i must have left them on the bench during lunch .
well how lucky .	i can t believe that you soojung brought them to me .
you remember my name .	of course .
do you remember my name by any chance ?	yes of course .
i have a pretty good memory .	i have good memory too .
well i have to go .	it was nice meeting you again .
i see .	well so long .
good bye .	and thank you for the gloves .
that s alright .	the independent way is the way to make the best films .
then i can help out .	yes of course .
but this is a bit embarrassing for me to talk about isn t it ?	you shouldn t be .
it would be good if you could help .	it would be great if i help out right ?
can you really ?	just direct as well as you paint okay ?
it il be great for me too .	is this codfish ?
no way .	codfish wouldn t be this cheap .
but isn t this place called cod house ?	this is crayfish .
i have to go to the bathroom .	codfish isn t so cheap .
new chopsticks please !	they re right here .
oh there they are .	where did you get the chopsticks before ?
from there .	let me pour for you .
do you drink a lot ?	what ?
drinking . do you drink a lot ?	yes .
do you drink a lot ?	yes .
i used to drink up to five bottles of soju and three bottles of whiskey .	really ?
you drink that much ?	not anymore .
youngsoo are you okay ?	are you going to sadang dong ?
youngsoo get in .	be careful .
are you alright ?	to sadang dong please .
soojung will you be alright ?	i il take you home .
i m okay .	please go .
i il take you home .	you are an odd one aren t you ?
i il show you something funny .	come .
what is it ?	i know it s really cold but it il be fun .
what is it i il enjoy ?	there s this strange guy who lives with this girl . it s really funny .
what is it i il enjoy ?	there s this strange guy who lives with this girl .
come on .	they re not here .
you re really funny .	soojung .
stop !	stop it !
i m sorry .	are you hurt ?
no .	i don t know how you think about me but i would really like to start a serious relationship .
i m not just saying this .	if you can trust me maybe you could start a relationship with me .
i m asking for the last time .	no .
i see .	then i should apologize .
i m sorry .	please forgive me .
i will .	thank you .
i il return this right after i m back from location scouting .	sure .
are you sure i can borrow this ?	of course .
very nice .	i should get one of these .
they re not available in korea .	i bought this in japan .
you go to japan right youngsoo ?	why would i go to japan ?
hey park !	if you re not going to shoot why did we have to come so early in the morning and wait ?
if you think editing will take more time you should have at least given us a call .	we ve been here waiting from the break of done .
i thought the editing would be over by then .	we have to leave early if we want to save a day .
you should know that .	you always end up spending three days to edit and you know it .
and you still make us come so bloody early in the morning .	come on tell me when you ve taken less than three days huh ?
okay .	at least buy us some lunch .
the crew have been waiting all day you know .	let s do it next time .
i have visitors today .	it s one six to nine .
it s my serve .	oh don t we have to check on the staff before they leave ?
okay .	we can do that now .
let s quit playing .	you re good .
this isn t funny .	why do you say you re not good when you are ?
hello ?	hello is this park ?
oh kwon .	you didn t come back so i left .
i told your assistant before i left .	i don t want to hear any of that .
so are you coming tomorrow or not ?	i waited the whole day today .
besides something s come up and i m out of town tomorrow .	i don t care what your plans are .
are you coming tomorrow or not ?	we re shooting tomorrow .
are you gonna be here or not ?	what about driver kim ?
why should he come ?	he s the boss driver not the driver for the crew .
why would he come ?	you re really not up to this job .
why don t you just quit ?	okay .
you re fired .	now you won t have to come tomorrow .
satisfied ?	what ?
you son of a bitch .	what s that ?
bastard .	you better not move an inch .
i m really sorry .	you know how it is .
we re always behind schedule .	so i was a bit tense and i said some things i shouldn t have .
i m really sorry .	let s shake hands and make up .
i m sorry .	we don t have to shake hands .
i m really sorry park .	my mistake .
i shouldn t have .	come on .
give me your hand .	is everything okay ?
are you okay ?	you know one can t do everything one wants in life .
this is pretty heavy .	you carry the camera in your pocket ?
i just put it in here a while ago .	how did it go with park ?
well you know .	i was too thoughtless .
it s his job we re talking about .	it was my temper but it was my mistake .
my fault .	so is he coming tomorrow ?
oh i forgot about that .	by the way youngsoo it only takes three zero minutes to recharge .
to sadang dong !	to sungbook dong .
yeah you go .	soojung get in .
i il drop you off .	me ?
no i m fine .	it s the opposite direction .
it s okay .	it il only be a slight detour .
bye youngsoo .	get in .
get in .	bye .
bye youngsoo .	how about if i be your girlfriend only when you drink ?
would you ?	i liked that .
did you like it ?	i il show you something .
when i was young i used to stick my head out .	back then my parents and i drove to the airport almost everyday .
on the way to the airport my brother and i used to fool around .	our car was a foreign car too .
i guess we were well off back then .	please make yourself at home .
would you like something to drink ?	no thank you .
are you sure ?	yes .
excuse me while i take a shower .	would you like to take a shower ?
no thank you .	just a second .
this is my first time .	what ?
i ve never done this before .	really ?
yes .	i ve never done this before .
quite funny isn t it ?	no .
not at all .	isn t it funny ?
you don t like to wear a bra ?	i don t like to in the winter because it s uncomfortable .
i see .	i guess in the winter it doesn t show .
excuse me .	can i get you anything else ?
i think we re okay .	so it seems you come often these days .
that s your car out there right ?	yes .
it s a very nice car .	well .
have a nice time .	it s just a fork .
i would if i had a girlfriend .	i think you re being too picky .
yeah you re too picky .	it s not easy .
what s not easy ?	well you know .
i think it s in our family blood .	then how did your older brother manage ?
he and my sister in law go way back .	they met when she was in high school .
they went to the same church and when she was in high school he decided that she s the one .	so we can say that he raised a child then gobbled her up .
what ?	well i think it s fate and .
i il take her .	come on .
i think she might have been offended .	what do you mean ?
she also met her husband when she was in high school remember ?	oh right .
and i said that he raised a child then gobbled her up .	she must really be offended .
oh no .	anyway happy birthday .
thanks for coming .	come on .
we re in public .	to be frank the type of woman that s attracted to you would probably be half crazy or decadent .
but what you need is a woman that s disciplined and secure .	that s why it is very hard to find a right woman for you .
that s enough .	no .
i mean it .	see you wife here .
someone s at the door .	i il get it .
okay .	long time no see .
jaehoon you re here .	hi .
the numbers of the apartment buildings are so mixed up .	come in .
come in .	she s a writer and works with me .
hello .	come on in .
how come it s so dark ?	where are the lights ?
in the back .	please sit down .
i ve brought some baked sweet potatoes .	thank you .
so it seems you ve had quite a few drinks already .	how have you been ?
fine .	what about dinner ?
this will do .	can you hand me the chopsticks .
try some of this .	youngsoo how s your movie coming along ?
going well ?	fuck .
why do you always have to call me by my name youngsoo when you never call their names when you talk to them ?	have you ever really cared about me ?
soojung come here .	come over here .
move over damn it .	come on .
get over here .	pour a drink for your boss the producer .
come on .	youngsoo !
i m just kidding .	get away .
soojung .	loosen up .
just enjoy yourself .	you don t have to act so innocent .
drink up .	go with the flow .
drink up .	drink up .
drink up .	are you saying i didn t drink ?
i did drink a lot .	you did ?
okay then i il drink this .	this is for me ?
he s a thief .	how can he steal his own friend s camera ?
you don t know if he stole it ?	he said he lost it .
what do you mean he lost it ?	it s so obvious .
just because there s no proof we can t just forget about it .	it s not obvious .
how funny .	how really funny .
soojung so are you saying that he s not a thief ?	we don t know .
how can you . okay .	producer kwon made a mistake .
okay .	producer kwon made a mistake .
he drank too much tonight and he was out of line .	let s just leave it at that .
i m talking about his integrity .	his integrity .
you know !	he was out of line because he doesn t know about us .
him not knowing has nothing to do with it .	what about him touching you like your legs ?
is that also because he didn t know about us ?	stop it !
we didn t tell him so it s our fault too .	funny .
very funny .	an innocent mistake because he didn t know huh !
soojung are you in love with him or something ?	how very funny mister !
was it so wrong for me to ask you to keep our relationship a secret ?	were you that offended ?
how can you not know how i feel about you ?	okay .
no its not okay .	i don t want our relationship to be taken as a fling .
i don t want other people gossiping about us either .	or him staring at us with a knowing eye .
this is really important to me .	you know ?
our relationship is .	alright okay .
let s just keep it between us .	soojung you don t know what i really want .
i really want our relationship to be really meaningful .	i ve never felt like this before .
i was even considering marriage .	even marriage .
how can you not know how i feel ?	me to consider marriage .
do you know how hard it is for me to consider marriage ?	for me to consider .
don t make it difficult then .	make your life easier .
let s stop seeing each other then .	why should we see each other if it has to be so difficult ?
am i wrong ?	soojung !
come here .	come here .
come here .	enjoy your meal .
can i see you today ?	i have to go somewhere today .
i see .	how are you ?
okay .	are you going somewhere far ?
no .	a friend has just moved to ansan and invited some friends .
ansan ?	where s ansan ?
it s close if you take the subway .	she moved to kojan which is right before ansan .
kojan ?	do you know how to get to kojan ?
look for yourself .	you look very nice in a skirt .
what is this ?	beethoven s six th symphony pastoral .
oh and thanks for this cd player .	not at all .
do you like it ?	my mother asked me who gave this to me .
is that so ?	i told her it was a gift and she said it must be from someone who s very generous .
is that so ?	is that how you hold your chopsticks ?
why ?	you re supposed to hold one still so it doesn t move .
then hold the other one at the end of the three fingers .	like this ?
you move them back and forth with these two fingers .	very good .
if you re not used to it yet just do it your way for now .	i should correct something if it s wrong .
no .	why not ?
let s do it next time .	again ?
i m really getting tired of this .	let s do it next time .
next time when ?	this is all you want to do .
you got my breasts didn t you ?	i really want to do it .
let s do it next time .	not today .
i m having my period .	period ?
it doesn t matter .	i don t mind .
are you really having your period ?	of course .
show me then .	it s true !
let s go somewhere nice .	how about cheju island ?
yes .	let s go to cheju island .
okay .	let s do it in the most expensive room in cheju island .
look at that grin .	soojung .
i love you .	i love you too .
suspended cable car	it s me .
soojung ?	where are you ?
at home .	i just got up .
are you sick ?	no .
it s just that i m not feeling very well .	hello ?
it s soojung .	what are you doing ?
can you talk on the phone right now ?	where are you ?
myong dong .	what are you doing there ?
do you think you can come ?	let me see .
not today .	the whole family is getting together at my mother s .
i see .	well then okay .
is something wrong ?	well .
then so long .	do you want me to call later tonight ?
no that s okay .	you should be with your family .
alright then .	calling control room .
control room .	control room .
the cable car has been suspended because of a power outage .	tell the passengers so they don t panic .
alright .	when will it work again ?
we re calling the power utilities now so bear with us for a while .	we il use the emergency engine if it takes too long .
i think the baby had a scare .	yes .
i think so .	sorry but can you hold her for me .
perhaps intentlon	okay see you later .
bye !	come here .
my baby .	sweet heart .
let s go .	my baby .
what s that ?	did you eat ?
no .	let s go see some paintings .
what s the matter ?	paintings ?
you mean a painting exhibit ?	yeah .
now ?	let s go .
i il buy you a drink .	we re right in front of kyongbokgoong palace .
our palaces are quite small .	why should it be bigger ?
sorry to keep you waiting .	kim you can leave early today .
we re going to eat somewhere here so i won t need a ride .	no sir .
i il wait .	i il be waiting here sir .
you will ?	then get something to eat .
yes sir .	shall we go ?
okay .	let s go this way .
then why don t you move out of your brother s house .	get your own place .
youngsoo i respect my brother .	he s a good person .
there s a lot to learn from him in a practical way .	excuse me .
i have to go to the toilet .	i guess he had too much to drink .
do you drink a lot ?	excuse me ?
drinking . do you drink a lot ?	yes .
do you drink a lot ?	yes .
i used to drink up to five bottles of soju and three bottles of whiskey .	really ?
you drink that much ?	these days i can t handle that much .
fall by scott miller	taste for life by scott miller
hey billy .	why not shake another one ?
i can t hoover .	i gotta go .
come on .	just one more ?
i il go out with you saturday night .	you know if your name wasn t hoover .
yeah ok .	you know i don t smoke pot .
it destroys your memory .	giggling no it doesn t .
i have a riddle for you .	yeah ?
what s white and gets shoved in your face by a screaming landlord ?	i wanna say a free trial size bottle of shampoo .
an eviction notice .	scoffs
and where is said eviction notice ?	you re smokin it .
ooh you got some other mail though .	ugh !
great .	let s just pile it on why don t we ?
oh !	shit !
this is from that snowboarding academy i applied to two months ago .	hey if i get accepted this could change our lives forever .
open it .	gimme a hit of this first .
you know i don t smoke pot .	it destroys your memory .
no it doesn t !	oh shit !
open it .	pine mountain academy here i come !
both whoop	case thanks for comin with me .
what are best friends for ?	how are you gonna pay for this fancy shmancy academy anyway ?
i m just gonna use the money my parents gave me when i promised they never had to see me again .	casey laughs but check this out though .
the pine mountain academy was founded by colonel jaffe retired and since its conception they have produced three gold medalists four national champions and a saturday morning cartoon series in the netherlands .	hey maybe you just might fall in love with an academy member .
maybe i will .	they have a state of the art training facility .
check out this pipe !	and they have the steepest vertical in the country .
what s it called ?	the goat .
only two men have ever skied it and lived .	oooh !
the goat !	death trap .
very cool .	it also says that the locals are a group of colorful natives happy to serve your every need and only academy members are allowed on the slope .
how s it going cornhole ?	i meant colonel .
well i il tell you boys . it s not goin that good .	you see i was about nine zero seconds into a three minute soft boiled when i saw you little shitbirds crappin on my snow .
it s not goin that good .	you see i was about nine zero seconds into a three minute soft boiled when i saw you little shitbirds crappin on my snow .
we just pissed !	we meant no disrespect brah .
well i guess it s no surprise to me that you hogs can t read .	you little cocksuckers got five seconds to get off my mountain !
let s time it !	all five . four . three . two . one !
let s time it !	all five . four . three . two .
let s time it !	all five . four . three .
let s time it !	all five . four .
let s time it !	all five .
all aaargh !	aaargh !
casey hey look billy .	there s a help wanted sign .
ha !	even in the middle of nowhere there s a .
naomibucks ?	both giggle
oh !	fuckin asshole !
i m blind !	oh sweet jesus .
i didn t know .	hey you must be blind too !
i m yellin at another blind guy !	that s horrible !
well !	joke s on me .
in that case . fuck you !	oh by the way .
fuck you !	oh by the way .
name s blind danny temples .	my card .
for all your housing and realty needs gimme a call .	i il help you out .
welcome to schittville .	entrance bell
i need a coffee .	do you want one ?
sure .	hello .
naomi .	hi .
billy .	can i get a couple of coffees ?
well billy boy get ready for a treat .	eight bucks .
oh .	keep the change .
check it !	the new dude s got wood !
laughter	so do you !
i know !	so does shaft !
my shit is rock hard !	quite a little think tank they ve got goin aw just havin a little good natured fun .
i m gonna get in with these guys .	use a little bit of the wagstaff charm .
hey brahs !	billy wagstaff .
just got accepted to the academy .	might be olympic gold medalist someday .
sack and gash .	we got a special way of welcoming academy members brah .
loud farts	high pitched farts oh !
oops .	can t fart
i il be back .	those must be those colorful happy natives here to serve our every need .
ha ha .	explosive fart
i did it !	uh oh .
oh god .	it s too hot .
shrieks oh god !	woman colonel jaffe there s a billy wagstaff here to see you .
oh good .	i il be right out lizzie .
suzy .	it s suzy .
i ve only been here for one one years .	ah jesus i hurt .
now here s a tip .	never call him coach .
you have to call him colonel .	or he il hurt you in places that don t show .
funny !	yeah .
i get it .	he s probably the nicest guy in the world isn t he ?
at ease lizzie !	i il take this young man from here .
a day early !	i like that .
shows keen interest .	shows desire .
it s a good quality .	unless you ve been invited over for dinner .
both men chuckle	billy wagstaff .
william wagstaff venice beach california .	i know .
i recognize you from your application video .	shows some raw talent son .
well you know the video s a year old .	i go some new moves i can t wait to show you .
i m all chicken skin just thinkin about it .	colonel jaffe retired .
i m also the coach here at the academy .	ah .
what do you prefer ?	coach or colonel ?
i prefer god .	but that would be unseemly .
winter !	report to admissions office double time soldier !
i m coming !	copy that !
grunting	both sigh
thank you .	go go .
that s real attractive brandt .	moans
i m her daddy .	yes daddy ?
winter i want you to meet billy wagstaff a new member of the academy .	billy meet winter .
that s an interesting name winter .	so is .
billy .	i named her winter because she s as pure as the driven snow .
i hear different and someone dies .	now i want you to show wagstaff here everything the academy has to offer little girl .
and save that halfpipe till last .	all right ?
we got the best halfpipe in the country son .	yeah ?
what happened to the other half ?	very humorous .
i want you back here at zero six zero zero for orientation .	maybe you can see how funny myworld is .
man .	let s go mr. wagstaff .
hey winter .	why don t you let me show the new guy around ?
i m sure you ve got better things to do .	thought i did but they weren t any better .
i d be more than happy to show the new member around myself .	come on .
billy whoo !	yeah winter !
looking good !	wait till you see the gorge .
it s tight and wet but it sure feels good when you go down it .	race you to the bottom .
you got it .	well ?
it s great .	everything is great .
can we ride it ?	and can you go first ?
you know just give me the lay of the land .	who told you my nickname ?
oh ho .	follow me if you can keep up .
keeping up is no problem .	god i love her .
high by hydrophonix	this is a little move i like to call keep the change .
make sure the steam is blowing up against the boobies so the na nas stand up .	then make sure you get some foam on the ta tas .
and then dip with your finger like this .	and then put your finger all the way in your mouth to lick it off .
there you go .	that il be four dollars .
shuffling bills	keep the change .
that was so . cool .	yep .
cool .	yep .
these tits are practically paying for themselves .	i don t think i have the na nas the ta tas the boo boos or the ba bas for that .
you re right .	those aren t exactly moneymakers .
but i think we can work with that little ass of yours .	get me a muffin .
ok .	oh yeah that works .
looks like i got a new muffin girl .	so what dorm are you staying in ?
oh i can t afford to .	my friend and i are getting a place in town .
in town ?	you re gonna live with the poories ?
poories ?	that s what we call the locals in schittville .
poories cause they re poor .	get it ?
poor . ies .	yeah um .
ies .	yeah um .
i guess that makes me a poorie .	what do you guys call yourselves ?
the richies cause you re rich . ies ?	as a matter of fact we do .
ies ?	as a matter of fact we do .
oh .	clever .
yeah .	i hope you were clever enough to wear a lot of warm clothes .
why ?	because i don t hang out with poories .
see you in another life hopefully a richer one .	bye bye .
casey richards welcome to paradise !	oh .
huh ?	i think you made the right choice coming to blind danny temples for all your realty needs .
now just so you know the trick to being blind is to memorize your surroundings .	that s the key .
screams casey oh god !	oh my god !
cane cane cane cane cane !	here .
thank you .	you re welcome .
so what do you think ?	uh .
as you can see this is our deluxe single .	and . this is all fresh paint .
as you can see this is our deluxe single .	and .
just had this done .	if you step right this way you will see . the most beautiful mountain view in all pine valley !
just had this done .	if you step right this way you will see .
beautiful !	sniffs take a smell !
ah !	that mountain air !
coughs	and that s schittville .
so what do you think ?	you wanna rent the place ?
sure .	all right .
enjoy .	thanks .
let me help you to the door .	i don t need help i don t need help .
i ve got this place memorized to a t.	whoo !
laughs	can t believe those idiots rented this shithole .
here danny want me to show you out ?	oh jesus !
nervous chuckle i was kiddin around .	yeah ?
it was a joke !	yeah ?
it s not bad .	tell that to him .
yeah it s not too bad for a couple of poories .	poories ?
what s that ?	it s what they call us at the academy .
why ?	because we re poor ?
well actually yeah .	ok so what do they do ?
they call themselves the richies ?	no .
yes .	hey is this the .
no talking in the lecture hall .	well how are we gonna get a lecture if there s no talking in the lecture hall ?
ok .	sighs fun group .
ten hut !	as you were gentlemen .
introduce yourselves to the new recruit william wagstaff .	hey brahs .
we don t refer to people as bra wagstaff .	you see a bra is something that holds up a woman s titties .
is that what you are ?	something that holds up a woman s titties ?
on a good day yeah .	billy chuckles
what do you think this is ?	jay leno ?
roars of laugher	this is the best of the best .
what i m saying is . snowboarding is the relentless pursuit of perfection which of course is the american way .	now let me introduce you to the members of the pine mountain academy all american snowboarding team !
snowboarding is the relentless pursuit of perfection which of course is the american way .	now let me introduce you to the members of the pine mountain academy all american snowboarding team !
from germany	hans gruber !
from sweden sven darden !	from russia nootnik kratzin !
from switzerland via israel schlomo boardstein !	and you will buddy up with my team captain
america s own brandt von hoffman !	for your professional needs talk to me .
for your personal needs talk to my daughter winter .	knowing laughter
all right !	everyone up on that hill !
let s see what you got !	what the fuck are you doing on skis you homo schlomo ?
don t you know this is a snowboard academy ?	total bagel job schlomo !
zero !	hey have a good run nootnik .
your dick is so small i would not even suck it .	yeah it takes a while to learn the language but i get what you mean !
thank you .	you snowboard as good as you talk nootnik !
and your mother s a whore !	hey good luck sven .
ja ?	and you have nice cumshots on your face you bitch jerk off .
sven is in the house .	yeah you guys are a great bunch of kidders !
hey hans .	hi billy !
welcome to the academy !	i hope this experience will be good fun for you .
i got a chili bean stuck in my starfish .	you might wanna suck it out you nazi fuck !
what ?	oh .
oh god .	he was being nice .
thank you hans !	i d rather fuck a dog your dog than watch you do this again .
all right brandt !	show billy boy here what it takes to be a national champion !
hey brandt .	you know wagstiff you got no shot with winter jaffe .
you might fuck her but that s as far as it s gonna go .	actually brandt that would be plenty for me .
i m gonna do everything i can to get you kicked out of this academy wagstiff .	just in case you thought you knew how to snowboard watch this .
way to go brandt !	beautiful !
nice move brandt !	all right !
ok billy !	show these goofballs why i let you into school !
what was that wagstaff ?	huh ?
all that wigglin around up there .	you look like you got a combination of tourette s and the runs .
phony laughter	ha ha ha !
maybe i should dig up katharine hepburn throw her in there .	she d give me a smoother run .
i ve always been a big fan of her work .	oh !
he s got the balls to sass me !	i think i know how to get the punk out of you .
how about a nice long ride all the way down the mountain huh ?	and if you fall you start over .
yes sir .	no no .
where are you going wagstaff ?	the lift is for snowboarders .
ass wiggling go go dancers walk .	seriously ?
well how did i miss that ?	have a nice walk britney .
pa attention all pine mountain academy members !	please report to the annual calendar shoot .
except you wagstaff .	i am going to die !
naomi do it outside .	how was your first day ?
pain . and terror .	the school s having a party tonight .
and terror .	the school s having a party tonight .
you wanna go ?	cool .
coach made me walk the mountain today .	you must ve wiggled your ass like a go go girl .
can t you read the fuckin sign ?	tell you what sloppy .
i il give you an acupuncture treatment .	for real ?
fuckin a.	my parents are benihana chefs long story don t ask .
look you want my help or not ?	does it hurt ?
have you ever had blood drawn ?	yeah .
that wasn t so bad .	just like that only six zero zero times in two zero minutes .
oh don t be such a pussy !	also sprach zarathustra by richard strauss
i see the problem .	your lower back is in spasm .
i m gonna have to stick some needles in your ass now sweetie .	um .
but my butt feels fine .	i il say !
why does my butt feel like it needs to cough ?	i uh .
i heat the needles .	coughs
will you just let the person that knows what the fuck they re doing just do it ?	hyah !
ok yeah .	that hurt .
you know what they say no pain no gain .	agh !
no !	hyah !
no !	cha !
no !	vom !
oh !	shriek die daddy .
whimper	just seven four more to go sweetie .
oh god .	here .
bite this .	it s all good .
really ?	i love healing .
oh !	ooh !
yeah !	agh !
your back feels better now doesn t it ?	yeah back feels good .
my ass feels like it s been clawed by a litter of panthers .	your butt looks like that guy from hellraiser .
he s gonna be as good as new in about an hour .	my work here is done .
now i m gonna get myself all prettied up for the party tonight .	whoa whoa whoa whoa !
what about the needles ?	hm .
casey ?	yank em out in about half an hour .
don t be gentle .	is that part of the therapy ?
no .	it s just more fun that way .
toodles !	wow .
that is the sweetest sexiest most brutal woman i ve ever met .	i think she kinda digs me .
really ?	aargh !
you know back in the day there wasn t no richies or poories .	there was just whities . and then there was others .
you know back in the day there wasn t no richies or poories .	there was just whities .
and guess who got to ski the goddamn mountain .	it wasn t like they said black folk could only ride the slushy hill but hell we knewwhat others meant .
it wasn t like we didn t have our own rules on the slushy hill .	i was a poor motherfucker back then and i could only afford one ski .
so i rode that slushy hill on one .	you invented snowboarding ?
i called it boogie woogie one ski .	then i realized there was only one way to free up the mountain so all men could use it and that was to do the one thing that no man had ever done before ski the goat .
i boogie woogie one skied that goat and for years after all men and bitches too could ski pine mountain .	oh it was beautiful babies .
but like everything beautiful people fucked it all up .	i tried to stop em but .
i was pretty fucked up my damn self .	well that s when the colonel . the motherfucker stole my one ski idea and had the mountain declared a private skiing academy .
i was pretty fucked up my damn self .	well that s when the colonel .
then we was all back on the slushy hill .	brah why don t you go do all that shit again and get our mountain back for us ?
all yeah !	how am i supposed to do that balls ?
pretend i m not tired bitter and drunk ?	whistle
check it out .	it s the guys from the cafe .
yeah .	let s just go this way .
no no .	be polite .
hey !	let me buy you brahs a couple of glasses of suds .
bras are what are used to hold up women s breasts .	look we re only being nice to you
cause we like the new muffin girl with the dope ass .	laughs
and now we re not gonna buy you any suds .	academy members only .
william wagstaff .	i should be somewhere on the list .
oh yeah .	you re the new half poorie kid .
and you are .	casey richards .
she s not in the academy .	she s my guest .
sorry .	only members of the academy can be guests .
yeah yeah .	shot ?
bubbles .	yeah .
hey winter .	um yeah .
fuck off sweetie .	hi !
hey .	hi billy .
come on .	don t tell me you re upset cause you re not over there with your buddy .
let me tell you something about losin a man .	there ain t one alive worth sheddin a tear over .
drink up sister .	so you ve never been in love ?
maybe if i could find the guy that could see past my incredible good looks perfect figure and the sexiest mouth god ever created .	but i don t know if i could find a guy like that in schittville .
maybe he s sitting right next to you .	somebody better get danny away from that beaver before he fucks it again .
so you didn t tell me you even had a poorie girlfriend .	singsong somebody might need a blood test .
casey ?	she s not my girlfriend .
i ve known her since i was like six .	she s kind of like my sister .
i don t know .	she s very pretty .
she is ?	look at him sittin over there like he owns the damn place .
i hate that asshole .	he can suck my .
black cock !	and he knows it too .
straight upstandin cheap ass whiskey drinkin motherfucker !	bitch !
blows	daddy look who i found .
well !	enjoy your hike there son ?
or did my mountain kick your ass ?	raucous laughter
my butt s seen better days sir .	well why don t you get yourself a nice massage tomorrow up at the academy ?
just don t let that big titted whore at the coffee house stick any needles in your ass .	i hear she almost bled some poor son of a bitch to death .
raucous laughter	hi .
i m brandt von hoffman pine mountain academy team captain .	second in command .
casey richards .	let me be right up front with you .
i m a poorie and proud of it .	are you kidding ?
i don t play all that stupid richie poorie crap like the rest of those snobs .	no .
to me people are people .	rich or poor there s good and there s bad people .
but if you re into that kind of segregation thing i can split .	no no !
i .	i just can t believe i met someone who isn t .
so . if i asked you to have a drink with me you d do it ?	billy yeah i il be right back .
if i asked you to have a drink with me you d do it ?	billy yeah i il be right back .
i d love to .	casey !
brandt this is my friend billy .	i know billy !
awesome ride on the slopes today brah .	this guy is one heck of a snowboarder .
i m so glad you could make it .	casey and i were about to grab a drink .
can you join us ?	yeah .
no .	i gotta pee really bad .
whispers and i think my ass might be bleeding .	good luck with that .
ok .	urinates groans with relief
i drank too much .	hi handsome .
i ve been looking for you .	jesus winter !
you re not supposed to be in here .	are you sure ?
your lips say no .	but your stream says yes !
you want me to tap that off for you ?	no no no !
i m fine thank you .	you want me to suck it for you ?
i m gonna have to say yes to that .	sven front and center .
ja colonel .	are you seeing my daughter ?
never from the front i swear it !	jeez !
does your father know you do stuff like this ?	god i hope so .
moans	hey j. p. the colonel s mad dogging you right now .
well goddamn .	so he is .
hey balls you gonna let him do that to me your hero ?	after that story ?
no way brah .	i got something right here in my pocket for him .
well bust it out .	laughs he s giving you the bird !
the double bird !	bitch of a son !
are you just gonna sit there ?	or are you gonna do something about it ?
jawohl !	hey poories !
freibier !	dude that hit me right in the head !
goddamn boy !	you can t let people hit you in the head with beer bottles !
j. p. s right .	let s kick some richie ass !
all yeah !	yells
come on get in there .	who s next ?
who got some ?	sit down !
get in there !	hidin behind me you big queen .
now i shall ass beat you big black man so the colonel will like me more !	sven is here .
a little help danny !	up on that .
thank you very much my brother .	swing danny !
danny whoops	nailed him !
raucous laughter	ja .
kick the asses .	billy jeez .
yes .	billy moans
oh yes !	nothing like a well deserved evacuation of the bowels son .
that sounds like your father .	grunting
perfect .	what the hell is goin on in there ?
you gotta go .	go !
door closes	colonel !
i was just .	i know what you were doin you goddamn animal .
we don t go in for that up here at pine mountain .	i don t knowwhat kind of .
i don t like you wagstaff .	you re always doin something that you shouldn t be doin .
dancing on the slopes disobeying a direct order havin sex in a shitter with what was clearly a man .	matter of fact you just made it to the top of my shit list .
thank you sir .	you won t be disappointed .
all right !	we can t have nice nice .
whistles move out !	the black man just kicked his own ass .
whistle	i got my eye on you blind man .
i got my ear on you .	demagogue by urban dance squad
nazi fag !	elevate you limp dicked mother hump .
it s pathetic .	wankers !
i m surrounded by wankers .	i guess you wanna hear me say that that was creative and inventive and fun to watch .
is that what you were thinking wagstaff ?	i was told it was impolite to ever refuse a compliment sir so . please can i hear what you thought ?
is that what you were thinking wagstaff ?	i was told it was impolite to ever refuse a compliment sir so .
here s my thought dipshit .	watching you felt like . a small intensely powerful wolverine eating a sack o nuts out of my anus .
here s my thought dipshit .	watching you felt like .
get to my office .	now !
give it time by evan olson	moaning
aagh !	ok mr. osama .
where are you ?	over there ?
ooh !	boom !
colonel jaffe .	now i may not be a mind reader . but i think i know what you were gonna say .
colonel jaffe .	now i may not be a mind reader .
you want me to be team captain .	i don t think i ve been here long enough to have gained the respect and admiration of the other guys .
but um .	what the hell .
i accept .	you know that s just a crazy enough idea to actually work .
captain wagstaff .	really ?
so i m off your shit list ?	no you puke .
i ve just spent more than a day and a half trying to mold you into an olympic caliber snowboarder .	i just realized that i ve been polishing a turd .
you are fuckin expelled .	huh .
well thank you for you support sir .	who would i see about getting a tuition refund ?
you re lookin at him scumbucket .	guess what ?
i m going to impound that homo blowjob slush fund .	all right .
i m leaving .	ooh .
there s something i could tell you about last night that would devastate you .	but i got too much class for that .
gossip ?	wait get back here .
you re not dismissed !	what they say ?
let s say that between you and me winter came a little early last night .	leave it at that .
how dare you ?	i ve heard that vicious lie from every man on this mountain and they re all liars !
get out of here before i kill you with my bare hands !	why why why ?
why me ?	oh god .
jack ?	come to me jack .
come up now .	now i need you .
ahhh !	i il be ok ?
i il be ok ?	i il be ok !
i il be ok .	yes sir !
yes sir .	this is colonel jaffe .
cadet wagstaffhas just been expelled .	code red .
ohh !	both bye bye billy !
laughter	come on guys .
that s so you can breathe wagstaff .	because we are no monsters you know .
you like hanging out with the poories so much ?	maybe you can show them some of your fancy moves .
i love it when the colonel orders a code red .	just the sound of that body thumping on the inside of that can .
you guys go hit the practice slopes .	i il be in town fucking the dead guy s girlfriend .
that s why him is the captain .	good boy .
ja .	he is one bad fuckermother .
we better go hit the slopes before we end up in can of trash too .	ja .
listen your friend got himself in a lot of trouble before he quit the school .	he stole his tuition money back .
he practically attacked the colonel s daughter .	and he seemed to be involved in some sort of homosexual men s room scam .
i ve known billy my whole life .	that just doesn t sound like him .
unfortunately there s just some people in this world who act nice but in truth they re not very nice at all .	have some more wine .
and try not to worry so much .	you re right .
the one thing i know about billy is that he s a survivor .	he s probably out on the beach right now partying the night away .
oh sweet savior .	what happened to that billy dude casey came up here with ?
i thought she was all up on his dick .	she is .
it s one of those things any fool can see but them .	and me .
groaning	ok .
that is the last time i take a shit in this can .	oh shit .
screaming	i heard some dude was blowing him in the bathroom last week during that fight we had when the richies kicked our ass .
yeah that was a good fight .	yeah !
what are you guys so happy about ?	you lost .
they beat you like rugs .	maybe we are giant losers .
i mean even casey our muffin girl is dating a richie .	oh billy shmilly .
i love schittville .	salt .
oh sweet jesus i m in the road .	car approaches
here comes the pain .	billyjabbers crash
brandtsy .	so what is this ?
like our . third date ?	fifth .
third date ?	fifth .
listen everybody .	i know we got off on the wrong foot but . five days duct taped into a trashcan . can change a man .
listen everybody .	i know we got off on the wrong foot but . five days duct taped into a trashcan .
listen everybody .	i know we got off on the wrong foot but .
yeah .	into garbage .
do you mind ?	would you let the motherfucker finish ?
or else he ain t gonna leave .	thank you .
look .	we can t let the richies do this to us anymore .
and i was wrong .	yeah something most of us learned in the fourth grade but please go on .
well i learned a couple of things and i wanna share em with you .	first is that a human being can live off the lickings of a garbage can for five . long . days .
well i learned a couple of things and i wanna share em with you .	first is that a human being can live off the lickings of a garbage can for five . long .
well i learned a couple of things and i wanna share em with you .	first is that a human being can live off the lickings of a garbage can for five .
another thing we learned in the fourth grade .	how about this ?
we don t have to kowtow to the richies anymore .	question .
kowtow ?	goddamn they re stupid motherfuckers .
get pushed around idiot .	oh !
like the richies do to us .	kowtow !
wait a minute .	we hate kowtowing .
yeah !	i il cut the next bitch that kowtows me .
the point is we need to take back what belongs to schittville .	it smells like you done took plenty back already .
i m talking about the mountain .	and our honor and our dignity .
honor and dignity ?	that s some pretty redundant shit for five days work .
poopy pants is right .	we need to take back our shit including casey our muffin girl unless brandt von hoffman s kowtowing her right now .
can you use it like that ?	i think you can .
whoa .	wait wait .
casey is kowtowing brandt ?	why don t you take me back to my place so we can fuck like wild dogs ?
i can put both my feet behind my head .	check !
but i do have to go put a stop to that right now .	you might want to wash the crap out of your pants first dear .
she got a helluva an idea mr. honor and dignity .	ok .
but i still have a good hunk of speech left .	we can t wait to hear it !
ok .	goddamn !
can somebody crack the window ?	not you danny you blind son of a bitch .
case ?	casey ?
oh thank god .	soft music
oh god .	giggles
whoo !	ok i can t do this .
the colonel says always wear a rubber .	even if you re just eating with a poorie .
right i m really glad you said that incredibly insulting thing .	that il make this a lot easier .
i m not gonna have sex with you .	i mean our going out was a really big mistake .
i like somebody else .	that s why i moved here in the first place .
what am i supposed to do with this wood ?	build a coffee table ?
ok .	you re not swaying me much .
i have to ask you to leave .	not until i get what i came for .
groans	billy !
i believe the lady said .	wow .
what page of national geographic did he pop off of ?	i don t know .
ohh !	i get it .
i might be rich but i m not stupid .	actually yeah you are .
bye bye .	here .
give this to your boyfriend .	he can wear it as a wet suit .
casey gasps	he threw a rubber on my face didn t he ?
yeah .	let me get it for you .
sorry if i ruined your date .	you did .
but not for the reasons you think .	groans
j. p. hm ?	slurps
can i buy you a drink ?	oh yeah oh yeah .
but uh .	i don t have to follow you to your car ?
no !	jesus !
i wasn t with a guy .	i was with the .
colonel s daughter .	how did you get at the end of that line ?
i m still waitin for the call .	i feel .
i feel terrible .	i screwed everybody over and .
i acted like an asshole .	let me tell you something .
a man who can t see that he s acting like a asshole there s a real asshole .	but a man who can admit it that man s all right in my book .
i wrote a book you know .	give it a skim .
it s a big . font .	thank you very much .
font .	thank you very much .
i talk all about the kennedys jimmy hoffa . space aliens .	that bullshit moon landing .
space aliens .	that bullshit moon landing .
we never go to no fucking moon .	i bought the commemorative plate for nothing .
i got a whole chapter on the president and his pretty ass wife having dinner with osama bin laden on nine one two .	it s some heavy shit .
hey back me up on this .	i taught jim morrison .
he taught john lennon how to be ironic .	there s some shit about area five one .
keep it to yourself .	i ve been to area five eight .
it s sort of a rest area .	and here s one just between the two of us .
kurt cobain killed that crazy bitch courtney love cut off his own dick bought him some titties and he s courtney love .	that s her in his grave .
dig her up and find out .	there s a hole in that hole .
well i don t know about the two of you but i m going to sleep .	william ?
are you all right son ?	j. p.
mm hm ?	aren t you drunk ?
i ve never been drunk a day in my life .	i ve been waiting for you boy .
and no more bullshit between us now .	i ve seen what you can do up on that mountain .
you are the finest natural born snowboarder .	i have ever seen in my life .
now what you got to do is get the respect of this town and you are not going to do that by walking in with a load of crap in your pants and some dumb ass speech .	how do i get the respect of the town ?
only two men have ever ridden the goat and lived .	and i il bet everything i wish i had . that you billy wagstaff are gonna be number three .
only two men have ever ridden the goat and lived .	and i il bet everything i wish i had .
what if i m one of the ones who dies ?	well then at least you il make the board .
yeah baby .	yeah baby .
hey guys .	that fuckshit wagstaff he s not as dead as we d hoped .
and here is the kicker .	the goat he is going to ride now .
let s go .	ja .
but i thought we were gonna have sex .	who wants sex when you can watch wagstiff trying to kill himself riding the goat ?
no brainer .	let s go watch that bastard break his neck .
hey you guys .	you re not gonna believe this .
i just heard billy wagstaff is skiing the goat .	look .
the goat ?	tog ruy ogta ?
what the hell does that mean ?	tog ruy ?
aaagh !	go go billy .
go go !	cheering
the last ride by evan olson	you il never see the other side of goat s hump .
die you sucker .	oh fuck !
the last ride continues	honking
shit i m alive !	oh shit .
horn	i can t believe that bastard wagstiff boarded the goat .
sven maybe one of us should ski the goat .	yeah .
brandt should do it .	he s the team captain .
no way .	nootnik you do it .
sven it is your idea .	you do it .
no .	no !
make hans do it .	why me ?
make schlomo do it .	schlomo can t do it .
you must do it .	no you do it .
no you do it .	you do it hans .
no you do it .	no you do it .
you do it .	all you do it .
doesn t anyone want to do me ?	all you do it .
here s to billy who the man wagstaff who boarded the goat and gave us poories a hero .	we love you brah .
cheering	billy billy .
now would be the right time for that speech which is funny yet motivates us to become better people .	all yeah !
yes thank you j. p.	wow .
i guess i d just like to say that when i was trapped in the trash the one thing that kept me going was knowing that all of schittville was out there looking for me .	yeah .
huh .	yeah .
i did learn what i valued most in life and that is friends . freedom . and of course food and air .	and the right to board where we want to board .
freedom . and of course food and air .	and the right to board where we want to board .
and of course food and air .	and the right to board where we want to board .
all yeah .	right on brother .
damn this is some speech .	billy so let s raise a glass you guys .
to a new era on pine mountain .	and let s end this ridiculous distinction between richies and poories and let s make this a place where every single person is welcome and accepted .
all yeah .	and get those assholes outta here .
they put me in a garbage can and left me to die .	i wanna talk to you wagstaff .
your days on the mountain are over old man .	billy boarded the goat .
you know the rules .	i know the law of the mountain .
i know that any team can challenge any other team to a chinese downhill no holds barred race to the bottom for total domination of pine mountain and i say you poories haven t got the guts .	hell yeah .
all yeah .	all right gentlemen .
listen up .	there s absolutely no way in hell you can lose this race if you board good and hard .
now there s a lot at risk here so i m leaving nothing to chance .	step up and grab a piece of insurance .
ja !	laughter
but colonel why do we need the medieval weapons or clubs of death ?	because we re not taking a chance .
he just explained this you stupid australian .	but i am hungarian .
well if you re so hungry eat me .	laughter
ja !	ja !
manic laughter	all right the winners rule the mountain .
the losers . don t rule the mountain .	you just said the same damn thing twice you redundant talking big truck driving one ski boogie woogie idea stealing ho raising dumb signposting motherfucker .
don t rule the mountain .	you just said the same damn thing twice you redundant talking big truck driving one ski boogie woogie idea stealing ho raising dumb signposting motherfucker .
all yeah !	why don t you have another beer you adjective throwing
will smith loving lie telling big book writing that ain t nobody ever gonna read idiot ?	all yeah !
there s some heavy shit in there .	you really ought to give it a skim .
look i think we all knowwhat s at stake and that j. p. wrote a book with some very heavy shit in it .	now please can we just race ?
who s gonna say go brah ?	who s not boarding ?
gee i wonder who everybody s looking at .	come on honey .
this way .	i know you hate me billy but really good luck .
thank you winter .	brandt you can watch my butt .
come on .	hang on to your jewels .
hey j. p.	you re sure easy to see in the show .
kiss my black ass you crazy white devil .	yells
look who it is billy s little slut girlfriend .	i hate you .
screaming	screams
you fucking bitch !	whoo !
whoo !	whoo !
cheering	damn you wagstaff .
you know i love you don t you ?	yeah .
yes danny .	because even though you can t see my mind boggling beauty on the outside you can see my mind boggling beauty on the inside .
i m the happiest guy in the world .	danny honey you re kissing a dead beaver .
i don t care .	i love you anyway .
that beaver s not dead .	that is one lucky no seeing beaver licking
naomi hugging son of a gun .	hey brahs the colonel winter and the richies are here .
this is a private party you no contest winning motherfuckers .	but that fine daughter of yours she can stay .
but you other tight ass bitches get the fuck out of here .	actually we re just here to say goodbye because you poories have ruined snowboarding for us .
so we re taking our olympic skills elsewhere because i ve invented a new sport .	it s called one board boatless water skiing .
that s surfing motherfucker .	africans invented that shit trying to get off your goddamn slave ships by hanging on to pieces of driftwood headed for the motherland .
it s in the book fool .	give it a skim .
oh skim that book high and hard supertan .	laughter
you know i think the important thing is here that you re leaving .	no billy .
the important thing is .	this is leaving ok ?
wrap it up .	and you poorie chicks are gonna be missing out on this .
oh who are we fooling ?	we poories should be fighting with the richies .
it s what we do .	whoa whoa whoa whoa !
stop you guys .	why do the richies and poories always have to be fighting each other ?
why can t we just make schittville the example for the whole world ?	all right gentlemen .
greener pastures .	hold on one second guys .
you re lucky we re leaving wagstiff .	if we weren t i don t think it would be too long before little casey here starts begging for a piece of what s in this package .
yelling	goddamn some more heavy shit for my book .
give it a skim .	man roll cameras .
cue marker .	hey brandt .
man keep rolling .	that fucking hurt my leg .
man still rolling ?	man two still rolling .
man great .	thank you .
do it two times .	laughter
marker .	naomi laughs oh god !
that beaver s not dead .	naomi what happened to my chair ?
yes i just hurt my ass .	oh my god .
laughs	your lips say no .
i m billy wagstaff .	what the fuck is wrong with that nasty smelling and looking motherfucker ?
naomi laughs sorry .	it s billy wagstaff .
what the fuck is wrong with that nasty looking and smelly motherfucker ?	but i got a really good hunk of speech left .
j. p. what was that ?	well good .
i m happy .	man i like nazi fag . good line .
i m happy .	man i like nazi fag .
blow me .	hot stuff .
i bet i could hear that if i tried and maybe a little labia flapping kind of action .	i mean you know i felt her face .
she s a good looking girl and you know come to think of it	i wouldn t mind putting my mouth right . if i could get a mouthful of that camel toe .
she s a good looking girl and you know come to think of it	i wouldn t mind putting my mouth right .
all that about labias flapping and camel toeing and shit .	white people .
you wouldn t know anything about that would you .	colonel ?
hey kate .	if overacting was sexy i d be hard as a fucking rock right now .
hey kate .	william shatner just called .
he wants his acting style back .	oh god forgive me .
what do you know ?	wait .
well there you go boys .	it s all true what they told you .
laughter fall by scott miller	damn look at the bucket of junk sticking out of those pants .
applause thank you thank you .	good to see you .
i love you .	good to see you .
good .	doggone doggone .
you really really really know how to make a fella feel welcome .	and as i scan the crowd here i see a few new faces .
and if any of you don t know me	i am jack schitt . the third .
and if any of you don t know me	i am jack schitt .
we love you jack !	i love you too man !
somebody get a video camera .	a what ?
oh yeah .	i guess we re just gonna have to use our rememberers .
your rememberers ?	oh lord .
we truly are in the town that time forgot .	they say his house is so opulent he has his own driveway .
i would too if i made jack schitt money .	now very rarely do i get a chance to interface with the youth of the community .
i thought this was a prime opportunity .	the first nugget of wisdom i need to share with you is to stay off the doggone drugs .
even pot ?	oh no no no .
pot s ok .	that s medicinal .
i m talking the hard stuff .	what about cocaine ?
no no no .	i got no problem with cocaine .
i mean as a matter of fact	i ve been known to do a bump or two in the morning to get me out of bed .
i am talkin the hard drugs .	ecstasy ?
ecstasy . is a tool .	it s not a drug .
is a tool .	it s not a drug .
as a matter of fact i got a belly full of it right now !	now drugs is just a minor part of the problem .
school s not really an option for me .	jack schitt is a straight shooter .
mr. schitt is anything about us a plus ?	i il see y all at the schittville holiday parade .
thank you very much !	thank you !
cheers applause	love you .
i love you man .	i love you !
i love you .	man they sure could use a man like that in washington .
that big talkin corny dressin out of style bolo tie wearin motherfucker .	i hate that motherfucker .
taste for life by scott miller	hey billy .
why not shake another one ?	i can t hoover .
i gotta go .	come on .
just one more ?	i il go out with you saturday night .
you know if your name wasn t hoover .	yeah ok .
you know i don t smoke pot .	it destroys your memory .
giggling no it doesn t .	i have a riddle for you .
yeah ?	what s white and gets shoved in your face by a screaming landlord ?
i wanna say a free trial size bottle of shampoo .	an eviction notice .
scoffs	and where is said eviction notice ?
you re smokin it .	ooh you got some other mail though .
ugh !	great .
let s just pile it on why don t we ?	oh !
shit !	this is from that snowboarding academy i applied to two months ago .
hey if i get accepted this could change our lives forever .	open it .
gimme a hit of this first .	you know i don t smoke pot .
it destroys your memory .	no it doesn t !
oh shit !	this is from the snowboarding academy i applied to two months ago .
if i m accepted this could change our lives forever !	open it .
pine mountain academy here i come !	both whoop
case thanks for comin with me .	what are best friends for ?
casey laughs but check this out though .	the pine mountain academy was founded by colonel jaffe retired and since its conception they have produced three gold medalists four national champions and a saturday morning cartoon series in the netherlands .
hey maybe you just might fall in love with an academy member .	maybe i will .
they have a state of the art training facility .	check out this pipe !
and they have the steepest vertical in the country .	what s it called ?
the goat .	only two men have ever skied it and lived .
oooh !	the goat !
death trap .	very cool .
it also says that the locals are a group of colorful natives happy to serve your every need and only academy members are allowed on the slope .	how s it going cornhole ?
i meant colonel .	well i il tell you boys . it s not goin that good .
i meant colonel .	well i il tell you boys .
you see i was about nine zero seconds into a three minute soft boiled when i saw you little shitbirds crappin on my snow .	we just pissed !
we meant no disrespect brah .	well i guess it s no surprise to me that you hogs can t read .
you little cocksuckers got five seconds to get off my mountain !	let s time it !
all five . four . three . two . one !	all aaargh !
four . three . two . one !	all aaargh !
three . two . one !	all aaargh !
two . one !	all aaargh !
one !	all aaargh !
aaargh !	casey hey look billy .
there s a help wanted sign .	ha !
even in the middle of nowhere there s a .	naomibucks ?
both giggle	oh !
watch where i m goin !	chuckles
well i would love to watch where i m goin .	the only problem with that is .
oh sweet jesus .	i didn t know .
that s horrible !	you wanna touch faces and see what we look like ?
the thing is i m not . blind .	well !
blind .	well !
joke s on me .	in that case . fuck you !
joke s on me .	in that case .
oh by the way .	name s blind danny temples .
my card .	for all your housing and realty needs gimme a call .
i il help you out .	welcome to schittville .
entrance bell	i need a coffee .
do you want one ?	sure .
hello .	naomi .
hi .	billy .
can i get a couple of coffees ?	well billy boy get ready for a treat .
eight bucks .	oh .
keep the change .	check it !
the new dude s got wood !	laughter
so do you !	i know !
so does shaft !	my shit is rock hard !
use a little bit of the wagstaff charm .	hey brahs !
billy wagstaff .	just got accepted to the academy .
might be olympic gold medalist someday .	oh yeah ?
well i m balls that s shaft that s grabs	sack and gash .
we got a special way of welcoming academy members brah .	loud farts
high pitched farts oh !	oops .
can t fart	i il be back .
those must be those colorful happy natives here to serve our every need .	ha ha .
explosive fart	i did it !
uh oh .	oh god .
it s too hot .	shrieks oh god !
woman colonel jaffe there s a billy wagstaff here to see you .	oh good .
i il be right out lizzie .	suzy .
it s suzy .	i ve only been here for one one years .
ah jesus i hurt .	now here s a tip .
never call him coach .	you have to call him colonel .
or he il hurt you in places that don t show .	funny !
yeah .	i get it .
he s probably the nicest guy in the world isn t he ?	at ease lizzie !
i il take this young man from here .	a day early !
i like that .	shows keen interest .
shows desire .	it s a good quality .
unless you ve been invited over for dinner .	both men chuckle
billy wagstaff .	william wagstaff venice beach california .
i know .	i recognize you from your application video .
shows some raw talent son .	well you know the video s a year old .
ah .	what do you prefer ?
coach or colonel ?	i prefer god .
so i m gonna have my daughter winter give you the grand tour .	winter !
report to admissions office double time soldier !	do you copy ?
copy that !	grunting
both sigh	thank you .
go go .	that s real attractive brandt .
yes daddy ?	winter i want you to meet billy wagstaff a new member of the academy .
billy meet winter .	that s an interesting name winter .
so is .	billy .
i named her winter because she s as pure as the driven snow .	i hear different and someone dies .
now i want you to show wagstaff here everything the academy has to offer little girl .	and save that halfpipe till last .
all right ?	we got the best halfpipe in the country son .
yeah ?	what happened to the other half ?
very humorous .	i want you back here at zero six zero zero for orientation .
maybe you can see how funny myworld is .	man .
let s go mr. wagstaff .	hey winter .
thought i did but they weren t any better .	i d be more than happy to show the new member around myself .
come on .	billy whoo !
yeah winter !	looking good !
wait till you see the gorge .	it s tight and wet but it sure feels good when you go down it .
race you to the bottom .	you got it .
well ?	it s great .
everything is great .	can we ride it ?
and can you go first ?	you know just give me the lay of the land .
who told you my nickname ?	oh ho .
follow me if you can keep up .	keeping up is no problem .
god i love her .	high by hydrophonix
this is a little move i like to call keep the change .	make sure the steam is blowing up against the boobies so the na nas stand up .
then make sure you get some foam on the ta tas .	and then dip with your finger like this .
and then put your finger all the way in your mouth to lick it off .	there you go .
that il be four dollars .	shuffling bills
keep the change .	that was so . cool .
keep the change .	that was so .
yep .	these tits are practically paying for themselves .
i don t think i have the na nas the ta tas the boo boos or the ba bas for that .	you re right .
those aren t exactly moneymakers .	but i think we can work with that little ass of yours .
get me a muffin .	ok .
oh yeah that works .	looks like i got a new muffin girl .
so what dorm are you staying in ?	oh i can t afford to .
my friend and i are getting a place in town .	in town ?
you re gonna live with the poories ?	poories ?
that s what we call the locals in schittville .	poories cause they re poor .
get it ?	poor . ies .
get it ?	poor .
yeah um .	i guess that makes me a poorie .
what do you guys call yourselves ?	the richies cause you re rich . ies ?
what do you guys call yourselves ?	the richies cause you re rich .
as a matter of fact we do .	oh .
clever .	yeah .
i hope you were clever enough to wear a lot of warm clothes .	why ?
because i don t hang out with poories .	see you in another life hopefully a richer one .
bye bye .	aaaarghhh !
god i m in love .	casey richards welcome to paradise !
oh .	huh ?
i think you made the right choice coming to blind danny temples for all your realty needs .	now just so you know the trick to being blind is to memorize your surroundings .
that s the key .	screams casey oh god !
oh my god !	don t help me don t help me .
i m not a cripple i m not a cripple .	cane cane cane cane cane !
here .	thank you .
you re welcome .	so what do you think ?
uh .	as you can see this is our deluxe single .
and . this is all fresh paint .	just had this done .
this is all fresh paint .	just had this done .
if you step right this way you will see . the most beautiful mountain view in all pine valley !	beautiful !
the most beautiful mountain view in all pine valley !	beautiful !
sniffs take a smell !	ah !
that mountain air !	coughs
and that s schittville .	so what do you think ?
you wanna rent the place ?	sure .
all right .	enjoy .
thanks .	let me help you to the door .
i don t need help i don t need help .	i ve got this place memorized to a t.
whoo !	laughs
can t believe those idiots rented this shithole .	here danny want me to show you out ?
oh jesus !	nervous chuckle i was kiddin around .
yeah ?	it was a joke !
yeah ?	it s not bad .
tell that to him .	yeah it s not too bad for a couple of poories .
poories ?	what s that ?
it s what they call us at the academy .	why ?
because we re poor ?	well actually yeah .
ok so what do they do ?	they call themselves the richies ?
no .	yes .
hey is this the .	no talking in the lecture hall .
well how are we gonna get a lecture if there s no talking in the lecture hall ?	german accent no wisecracking in the lecture hall either mystery party crasher .
nordic accent keep the talking and my ass you can be eating cause i m making the bad report on you new blabby guy .	ok .
sighs fun group .	ten hut !
as you were gentlemen .	introduce yourselves to the new recruit william wagstaff .
hey brahs .	we don t refer to people as bra wagstaff .
you see a bra is something that holds up a woman s titties .	is that what you are ?
something that holds up a woman s titties ?	on a good day yeah .
billy chuckles	what do you think this is ?
jay leno ?	roars of laugher
now let me introduce you to the members of the pine mountain academy all american snowboarding team !	from germany
hans gruber !	from sweden sven darden !
from russia nootnik kratzin !	from switzerland via israel schlomo boardstein !
and you will buddy up with my team captain	america s own brandt von hoffman !
for your professional needs talk to me .	for your personal needs talk to my daughter winter .
knowing laughter	all right !
everyone up on that hill !	let s see what you got !
what the fuck are you doing on skis you homo schlomo ?	don t you know this is a snowboard academy ?
total bagel job schlomo !	zero !
hey have a good run nootnik .	your dick is so small i would not even suck it .
yeah it takes a while to learn the language but i get what you mean !	thank you .
you snowboard as good as you talk nootnik !	and your mother s a whore !
hey good luck sven .	ja ?
and you have nice cumshots on your face you bitch jerk off .	sven is in the house .
yeah you guys are a great bunch of kidders !	hey hans .
hi billy !	welcome to the academy !
i hope this experience will be good fun for you .	i got a chili bean stuck in my starfish .
you might wanna suck it out you nazi fuck !	what ?
oh .	oh god .
he was being nice .	thank you hans !
i d rather fuck a dog your dog than watch you do this again .	all right brandt !
show billy boy here what it takes to be a national champion !	hey brandt .
you know wagstiff you got no shot with winter jaffe .	you might fuck her but that s as far as it s gonna go .
just in case you thought you knew how to snowboard watch this .	way to go brandt !
beautiful !	nice move brandt !
all right !	ok billy !
show these goofballs why i let you into school !	what was that wagstaff ?
huh ?	all that wigglin around up there .
you look like you got a combination of tourette s and the runs .	phony laughter
ha ha ha !	maybe i should dig up katharine hepburn throw her in there .
she d give me a smoother run .	i ve always been a big fan of her work .
oh !	he s got the balls to sass me !
i think i know how to get the punk out of you .	how about a nice long ride all the way down the mountain huh ?
and if you fall you start over .	yes sir .
no no .	where are you going wagstaff ?
the lift is for snowboarders .	ass wiggling go go dancers walk .
seriously ?	well how did i miss that ?
have a nice walk britney .	pa attention all pine mountain academy members !
please report to the annual calendar shoot .	except you wagstaff .
i am going to die !	naomi do it outside .
how was your first day ?	pain . and terror .
how was your first day ?	pain .
the school s having a party tonight .	you wanna go ?
cool .	great .
i m gonna go home lay down for a while .	coach made me walk the mountain today .
you must ve wiggled your ass like a go go girl .	can t you read the fuckin sign ?
tell you what sloppy .	i il give you an acupuncture treatment .
for real ?	fuckin a.
my parents are benihana chefs long story don t ask .	look you want my help or not ?
does it hurt ?	have you ever had blood drawn ?
yeah .	that wasn t so bad .
just like that only six zero zero times in two zero minutes .	oh don t be such a pussy !
also sprach zarathustra by richard strauss	i see the problem .
um .	but my butt feels fine .
i il say !	why does my butt feel like it needs to cough ?
i uh .	i heat the needles .
coughs	will you just let the person that knows what the fuck they re doing just do it ?
hyah !	ok yeah .
that hurt .	you know what they say no pain no gain .
agh !	no !
hyah !	no !
cha !	no !
vom !	oh !
shriek die daddy .	whimper
just seven four more to go sweetie .	oh god .
here .	bite this .
it s all good .	really ?
i love healing .	oh !
ooh !	yeah !
agh !	your back feels better now doesn t it ?
yeah back feels good .	my ass feels like it s been clawed by a litter of panthers .
your butt looks like that guy from hellraiser .	he s gonna be as good as new in about an hour .
whoa whoa whoa whoa !	what about the needles ?
hm .	casey ?
yank em out in about half an hour .	don t be gentle .
is that part of the therapy ?	no .
it s just more fun that way .	toodles !
wow .	that is the sweetest sexiest most brutal woman i ve ever met .
i think she kinda digs me .	really ?
aargh !	you know back in the day there wasn t no richies or poories .
there was just whities . and then there was others .	and guess who got to ski the goddamn mountain .
and then there was others .	and guess who got to ski the goddamn mountain .
it wasn t like they said black folk could only ride the slushy hill but hell we knewwhat others meant .	it wasn t like we didn t have our own rules on the slushy hill .
i was a poor motherfucker back then and i could only afford one ski .	so i rode that slushy hill on one .
you invented snowboarding ?	i called it boogie woogie one ski .
then i realized there was only one way to free up the mountain so all men could use it and that was to do the one thing that no man had ever done before ski the goat .	i boogie woogie one skied that goat and for years after all men and bitches too could ski pine mountain .
oh it was beautiful babies .	but like everything beautiful people fucked it all up .
i tried to stop em but .	i was pretty fucked up my damn self .
well that s when the colonel . the motherfucker stole my one ski idea and had the mountain declared a private skiing academy .	then we was all back on the slushy hill .
the motherfucker stole my one ski idea and had the mountain declared a private skiing academy .	then we was all back on the slushy hill .
brah why don t you go do all that shit again and get our mountain back for us ?	all yeah !
whistle	check it out .
it s the guys from the cafe .	yeah .
let s just go this way .	no no .
be polite .	hey !
i m a man .	bras are what are used to hold up women s breasts .
look we re only being nice to you	cause we like the new muffin girl with the dope ass .
laughs	and now we re not gonna buy you any suds .
academy members only .	william wagstaff .
i should be somewhere on the list .	oh yeah .
you re the new half poorie kid .	and you are .
casey richards .	she s not in the academy .
she s my guest .	sorry .
only members of the academy can be guests .	thanks !
billy i m gonna go hang out with the less classy group over there .	yeah yeah .
shot ?	bubbles .
yeah .	hey winter .
um yeah .	fuck off sweetie .
hi !	hey .
hi billy .	come on .
don t tell me you re upset cause you re not over there with your buddy .	let me tell you something about losin a man .
there ain t one alive worth sheddin a tear over .	drink up sister .
so you ve never been in love ?	maybe if i could find the guy that could see past my incredible good looks perfect figure and the sexiest mouth god ever created .
but i don t know if i could find a guy like that in schittville .	maybe he s sitting right next to you .
somebody better get danny away from that beaver before he fucks it again .	so you didn t tell me you even had a poorie girlfriend .
singsong somebody might need a blood test .	casey ?
she s not my girlfriend .	i ve known her since i was like six .
she s kind of like my sister .	i don t know .
she s very pretty .	she is ?
look at him sittin over there like he owns the damn place .	i hate that asshole .
he can suck my .	black cock !
and he knows it too .	straight upstandin cheap ass whiskey drinkin motherfucker !
bitch !	blows
daddy look who i found .	well !
enjoy your hike there son ?	or did my mountain kick your ass ?
raucous laughter	my butt s seen better days sir .
well why don t you get yourself a nice massage tomorrow up at the academy ?	just don t let that big titted whore at the coffee house stick any needles in your ass .
i hear she almost bled some poor son of a bitch to death .	raucous laughter
second in command .	casey richards .
are you kidding ?	i don t play all that stupid richie poorie crap like the rest of those snobs .
no .	to me people are people .
rich or poor there s good and there s bad people .	but if you re into that kind of segregation thing i can split .
no no !	i .
i just can t believe i met someone who isn t .	so . if i asked you to have a drink with me you d do it ?
i just can t believe i met someone who isn t .	so .
billy yeah i il be right back .	i d love to .
casey !	oh case .
i m sorry i think i might have been inside for a long time .	brandt this is my friend billy .
i know billy !	awesome ride on the slopes today brah .
casey and i were about to grab a drink .	can you join us ?
yeah .	no .
i gotta pee really bad .	whispers and i think my ass might be bleeding .
good luck with that .	ok .
urinates groans with relief	i drank too much .
hi handsome .	i ve been looking for you .
jesus winter !	you re not supposed to be in here .
are you sure ?	your lips say no .
but your stream says yes !	you want me to tap that off for you ?
sven front and center .	ja colonel .
are you seeing my daughter ?	never from the front i swear it !
jeez !	does your father know you do stuff like this ?
god i hope so .	moans
hey j. p. the colonel s mad dogging you right now .	well goddamn .
so he is .	hey balls you gonna let him do that to me your hero ?
after that story ?	no way brah .
i got something right here in my pocket for him .	well bust it out .
laughs he s giving you the bird !	the double bird !
bitch of a son !	are you just gonna sit there ?
or are you gonna do something about it ?	jawohl !
hey poories !	freibier !
dude that hit me right in the head !	goddamn boy !
you can t let people hit you in the head with beer bottles !	j. p. s right .
let s kick some richie ass !	all yeah !
yells	come on get in there .
who s next ?	who got some ?
sit down !	get in there !
hidin behind me you big queen .	now i shall ass beat you big black man so the colonel will like me more !
sven is here .	a little help danny !
up on that .	thank you very much my brother .
swing danny !	danny whoops
nailed him !	raucous laughter
ja .	kick the asses .
billy jeez .	yes .
billy moans	oh yes !
nothing like a well deserved evacuation of the bowels son .	that sounds like your father .
grunting	perfect .
what the hell is goin on in there ?	you gotta go .
go !	door closes
colonel !	i was just .
i know what you were doin you goddamn animal .	we don t go in for that up here at pine mountain .
i don t knowwhat kind of . small blond man you found to perform fellatio on you here in a public environment but i m sure his father feels shame unlike any father has ever felt since the dawn of time .	i don t like you wagstaff .
small blond man you found to perform fellatio on you here in a public environment but i m sure his father feels shame unlike any father has ever felt since the dawn of time .	i don t like you wagstaff .
you re always doin something that you shouldn t be doin .	dancing on the slopes disobeying a direct order havin sex in a shitter with what was clearly a man .
matter of fact you just made it to the top of my shit list .	thank you sir .
you won t be disappointed .	all right !
we can t have nice nice .	whistles move out !
the black man just kicked his own ass .	whistle
i got my eye on you blind man .	i got my ear on you .
demagogue by urban dance squad	nazi fag !
elevate you limp dicked mother hump .	it s pathetic .
i guess you wanna hear me say that that was creative and inventive and fun to watch .	is that what you were thinking wagstaff ?
i was told it was impolite to ever refuse a compliment sir so . please can i hear what you thought ?	here s my thought dipshit .
please can i hear what you thought ?	here s my thought dipshit .
watching you felt like . a small intensely powerful wolverine eating a sack o nuts out of my anus .	get to my office .
a small intensely powerful wolverine eating a sack o nuts out of my anus .	get to my office .
now !	give it time by evan olson
moaning	aagh !
ok mr. osama .	where are you ?
over there ?	ooh !
boom !	colonel jaffe .
now i may not be a mind reader . but i think i know what you were gonna say .	you want me to be team captain .
but i think i know what you were gonna say .	you want me to be team captain .
i don t think i ve been here long enough to have gained the respect and admiration of the other guys .	but um .
what the hell .	i accept .
you know that s just a crazy enough idea to actually work .	captain wagstaff .
no you puke .	i ve just spent more than a day and a half trying to mold you into an olympic caliber snowboarder .
i just realized that i ve been polishing a turd .	you are fuckin expelled .
huh .	well thank you for you support sir .
who would i see about getting a tuition refund ?	you re lookin at him scumbucket .
ooh .	there s something i could tell you about last night that would devastate you .
but i got too much class for that .	gossip ?
wait get back here .	you re not dismissed !
what they say ?	let s say that between you and me winter came a little early last night .
leave it at that .	how dare you ?
i ve heard that vicious lie from every man on this mountain and they re all liars !	get out of here before i kill you with my bare hands !
why why why ?	why me ?
oh god .	jack ?
come to me jack .	come up now .
now i need you .	ahhh !
i il be ok ?	i il be ok ?
i il be ok !	i il be ok .
yes sir !	yes sir .
this is colonel jaffe .	cadet wagstaffhas just been expelled .
code red .	ohh !
both bye bye billy !	laughter
come on guys .	that s so you can breathe wagstaff .
because we are no monsters you know .	you like hanging out with the poories so much ?
maybe you can show them some of your fancy moves .	i love it when the colonel orders a code red .
just the sound of that body thumping on the inside of that can .	you guys go hit the practice slopes .
i il be in town fucking the dead guy s girlfriend .	that s why him is the captain .
good boy .	ja .
he is one bad fuckermother .	we better go hit the slopes before we end up in can of trash too .
ja .	five zero zero for your thoughts .
well i m still a little mad at billy but now i m starting to get worried .	listen your friend got himself in a lot of trouble before he quit the school .
he stole his tuition money back .	he practically attacked the colonel s daughter .
and he seemed to be involved in some sort of homosexual men s room scam .	i ve known billy my whole life .
that just doesn t sound like him .	unfortunately there s just some people in this world who act nice but in truth they re not very nice at all .
have some more wine .	and try not to worry so much .
you re right .	the one thing i know about billy is that he s a survivor .
he s probably out on the beach right now partying the night away .	oh sweet savior .
what happened to that billy dude casey came up here with ?	i thought she was all up on his dick .
she is .	it s one of those things any fool can see but them .
and me .	groaning
ok .	that is the last time i take a shit in this can .
oh shit .	screaming
i heard some dude was blowing him in the bathroom last week during that fight we had when the richies kicked our ass .	yeah that was a good fight .
yeah !	what are you guys so happy about ?
you lost .	they beat you like rugs .
maybe we are giant losers .	i mean even casey our muffin girl is dating a richie .
oh billy shmilly .	i love schittville .
salt .	a salted road .
car approaches	here comes the pain .
billyjabbers crash	brandtsy .
so what is this ?	like our . third date ?
so what is this ?	like our .
fifth .	what the fuck is wrong with that nasty looking and smelly motherfucker ?
if you re here for more acupuncture i m all booked up .	listen everybody .
i know we got off on the wrong foot but . five days duct taped into a trashcan . can change a man .	yeah .
five days duct taped into a trashcan . can change a man .	yeah .
can change a man .	yeah .
into garbage .	do you mind ?
would you let the motherfucker finish ?	or else he ain t gonna leave .
thank you .	look .
we can t let the richies do this to us anymore .	i admit when i first got here i was a jerk .
i was trying to be someone that i m not .	and i was wrong .
yeah something most of us learned in the fourth grade but please go on .	well i learned a couple of things and i wanna share em with you .
first is that a human being can live off the lickings of a garbage can for five . long . days .	another thing we learned in the fourth grade .
long . days .	another thing we learned in the fourth grade .
days .	another thing we learned in the fourth grade .
how about this ?	we don t have to kowtow to the richies anymore .
question .	kowtow ?
goddamn they re stupid motherfuckers .	get pushed around idiot .
oh !	like the richies do to us .
kowtow !	wait a minute .
we hate kowtowing .	yeah !
i il cut the next bitch that kowtows me .	the point is we need to take back what belongs to schittville .
and our honor and our dignity .	honor and dignity ?
that s some pretty redundant shit for five days work .	poopy pants is right .
we need to take back our shit including casey our muffin girl unless brandt von hoffman s kowtowing her right now .	can you use it like that ?
i think you can .	whoa .
wait wait .	casey is kowtowing brandt ?
why don t you take me back to my place so we can fuck like wild dogs ?	i can put both my feet behind my head .
check !	but i do have to go put a stop to that right now .
you might want to wash the crap out of your pants first dear .	she got a helluva an idea mr. honor and dignity .
ok .	but i still have a good hunk of speech left .
we can t wait to hear it !	ok .
goddamn !	can somebody crack the window ?
not you danny you blind son of a bitch .	case ?
casey ?	oh thank god .
soft music	oh god .
giggles	whoo !
ok i can t do this .	what ?
i m already wearing a rubber .	the colonel says always wear a rubber .
i mean our going out was a really big mistake .	i like somebody else .
that s why i moved here in the first place .	what am i supposed to do with this wood ?
build a coffee table ?	ok .
you re not swaying me much .	i have to ask you to leave .
not until i get what i came for .	groans
billy !	i believe the lady said .
wow .	what page of national geographic did he pop off of ?
i don t know .	but i have a feeling you have a lot to do with this .
now if you don t leave right now i m gonna .	ohh !
actually yeah you are .	bye bye .
here .	give this to your boyfriend .
he can wear it as a wet suit .	casey gasps
he threw a rubber on my face didn t he ?	yeah .
let me get it for you .	sorry if i ruined your date .
you did .	but not for the reasons you think .
groans	j. p. hm ?
slurps	can i buy you a drink ?
oh yeah oh yeah .	but uh .
i don t have to follow you to your car ?	no !
jesus !	i wasn t with a guy .
i was with the .	colonel s daughter .
i feel .	i feel terrible .
i screwed everybody over and .	i acted like an asshole .
let me tell you something .	a man who can t see that he s acting like a asshole there s a real asshole .
but a man who can admit it that man s all right in my book .	i wrote a book you know .
give it a skim .	it s a big . font .
give it a skim .	it s a big .
thank you very much .	i talk all about the kennedys jimmy hoffa . space aliens .
thank you very much .	i talk all about the kennedys jimmy hoffa .
that bullshit moon landing .	we never go to no fucking moon .
i bought the commemorative plate for nothing .	i got a whole chapter on the president and his pretty ass wife having dinner with osama bin laden on nine one two .
it s some heavy shit .	hey back me up on this .
i taught jim morrison .	how to boogie woogie one ski in one nine eight nine .
i m talking heavy shit .	he taught john lennon how to be ironic .
there s some shit about area five one .	keep it to yourself .
i ve been to area five eight .	it s sort of a rest area .
and here s one just between the two of us .	kurt cobain killed that crazy bitch courtney love cut off his own dick bought him some titties and he s courtney love .
that s her in his grave .	dig her up and find out .
william ?	are you all right son ?
j. p.	mm hm ?
aren t you drunk ?	i ve never been drunk a day in my life .
i ve been waiting for you boy .	and no more bullshit between us now .
i ve seen what you can do up on that mountain .	you are the finest natural born snowboarder .
i have ever seen in my life .	now what you got to do is get the respect of this town and you are not going to do that by walking in with a load of crap in your pants and some dumb ass speech .
how do i get the respect of the town ?	only two men have ever ridden the goat and lived .
well then at least you il make the board .	yeah baby .
yeah baby .	hey guys .
that fuckshit wagstaff he s not as dead as we d hoped .	and here is the kicker .
the goat he is going to ride now .	let s go .
ja .	but i thought we were gonna have sex .
who wants sex when you can watch wagstiff trying to kill himself riding the goat ?	no brainer .
let s go watch that bastard break his neck .	hey you guys .
you re not gonna believe this .	i just heard billy wagstaff is skiing the goat .
look .	the goat ?
tog ruy ogta ?	what the hell does that mean ?
tog ruy ?	aaagh !
go go billy .	go go !
cheering	the last ride by evan olson
you il never see the other side of goat s hump .	die you sucker .
oh fuck !	the last ride continues
oh shit .	horn
i can t believe that bastard wagstiff boarded the goat .	sven maybe one of us should ski the goat .
yeah .	brandt should do it .
he s the team captain .	no way .
nootnik you do it .	sven it is your idea .
you do it .	no .
no !	make hans do it .
why me ?	make schlomo do it .
schlomo can t do it .	you must do it .
no you do it .	no you do it .
you do it hans .	no you do it .
no you do it .	you do it .
all you do it .	doesn t anyone want to do me ?
all you do it .	here s to billy who the man wagstaff who boarded the goat and gave us poories a hero .
we love you brah .	cheering
billy billy .	now would be the right time for that speech which is funny yet motivates us to become better people .
all yeah !	yes thank you j. p.
wow .	i guess i d just like to say that when i was trapped in the trash the one thing that kept me going was knowing that all of schittville was out there looking for me .
yeah .	huh .
yeah .	i did learn what i valued most in life and that is friends . freedom . and of course food and air .
yeah .	i did learn what i valued most in life and that is friends . freedom .
yeah .	i did learn what i valued most in life and that is friends .
and the right to board where we want to board .	all yeah .
right on brother .	damn this is some speech .
billy so let s raise a glass you guys .	to a new era on pine mountain .
and let s end this ridiculous distinction between richies and poories and let s make this a place where every single person is welcome and accepted .	all yeah .
and get those assholes outta here .	they put me in a garbage can and left me to die .
i wanna talk to you wagstaff .	your days on the mountain are over old man .
billy boarded the goat .	you know the rules .
i know the law of the mountain .	i know that any team can challenge any other team to a chinese downhill no holds barred race to the bottom for total domination of pine mountain and i say you poories haven t got the guts .
hell yeah .	all yeah .
all right gentlemen .	listen up .
step up and grab a piece of insurance .	ja !
laughter	but colonel why do we need the medieval weapons or clubs of death ?
because we re not taking a chance .	he just explained this you stupid australian .
but i am hungarian .	well if you re so hungry eat me .
laughter	ja !
ja !	manic laughter
all right the winners rule the mountain .	the losers . don t rule the mountain .
all right the winners rule the mountain .	the losers .
you just said the same damn thing twice you redundant talking big truck driving one ski boogie woogie idea stealing ho raising dumb signposting motherfucker .	all yeah !
why don t you have another beer you adjective throwing	will smith loving lie telling big book writing that ain t nobody ever gonna read idiot ?
all yeah !	there s some heavy shit in there .
you really ought to give it a skim .	look i think we all knowwhat s at stake and that j. p. wrote a book with some very heavy shit in it .
now please can we just race ?	who s gonna say go brah ?
who s not boarding ?	gee i wonder who everybody s looking at .
come on honey .	this way .
i know you hate me billy but really good luck .	thank you winter .
brandt you can watch my butt .	come on .
hang on to your jewels .	hey j. p.
you re sure easy to see in the show .	kiss my black ass you crazy white devil .
yells	look who it is billy s little slut girlfriend .
i hate you .	screaming
screams	you fucking bitch !
whoo !	whoo !
whoo !	cheering
damn you wagstaff .	you know i love you don t you ?
yeah .	yeah ?
naomi what i m asking you is . if you d be my seeing eye wife .	yes danny .
if you d be my seeing eye wife .	yes danny .
danny honey you re kissing a dead beaver .	i don t care .
i love you anyway .	that beaver s not dead .
that is one lucky no seeing beaver licking	naomi hugging son of a gun .
hey brahs the colonel winter and the richies are here .	this is a private party you no contest winning motherfuckers .
but that fine daughter of yours she can stay .	but you other tight ass bitches get the fuck out of here .
actually we re just here to say goodbye because you poories have ruined snowboarding for us .	so we re taking our olympic skills elsewhere because i ve invented a new sport .
it s called one board boatless water skiing .	that s surfing motherfucker .
africans invented that shit trying to get off your goddamn slave ships by hanging on to pieces of driftwood headed for the motherland .	it s in the book fool .
give it a skim .	oh skim that book high and hard supertan .
laughter	you know i think the important thing is here that you re leaving .
no billy .	the important thing is .
this is leaving ok ?	wrap it up .
and you poorie chicks are gonna be missing out on this .	oh who are we fooling ?
we poories should be fighting with the richies .	it s what we do .
whoa whoa whoa whoa !	stop you guys .
why do the richies and poories always have to be fighting each other ?	why can t we just make schittville the example for the whole world ?
all right gentlemen .	greener pastures .
hold on one second guys .	you re lucky we re leaving wagstiff .
if we weren t i don t think it would be too long before little casey here starts begging for a piece of what s in this package .	yelling
goddamn some more heavy shit for my book .	give it a skim .
man roll cameras .	cue marker .
hey brandt .	laughter
i m counting on you to hold me there boss .	man keep rolling .
that fucking hurt my leg .	man still rolling ?
man two still rolling .	man great .
thank you .	do it two times .
laughter	marker .
naomi laughs oh god !	that beaver s not dead .
naomi what happened to my chair ?	yes i just hurt my ass .
oh my god .	laughs
what the fuck is wrong with that nasty smelling and looking motherfucker ?	naomi laughs sorry .
it s billy wagstaff .	what the fuck is wrong with that nasty looking and smelly motherfucker ?
but i got a really good hunk of speech left .	j. p. what was that ?
man i like nazi fag . good line .	blow me .
good line .	blow me .
hot stuff .	i bet i could hear that if i tried and maybe a little labia flapping kind of action .
i mean you know i felt her face .	she s a good looking girl and you know come to think of it
i wouldn t mind putting my mouth right . if i could get a mouthful of that camel toe .	all that about labias flapping and camel toeing and shit .
if i could get a mouthful of that camel toe .	all that about labias flapping and camel toeing and shit .
white people .	you wouldn t know anything about that would you .
colonel ?	hey kate .
listen i m not an educated man and i wouldn t know strasberg from stanislavski but i thought that was a little on the indicate y side .	hey kate .
if overacting was sexy i d be hard as a fucking rock right now .	hey kate .
william shatner just called .	he wants his acting style back .
oh god forgive me .	what do you know ?
i m going directly to hell .	well there you go boys .
it s all true what they told you .	laughter fall by scott miller
damn look at the bucket of junk sticking out of those pants .	applause thank you thank you .
good to see you .	i love you .
good to see you .	good .
doggone doggone .	you really really really know how to make a fella feel welcome .
and as i scan the crowd here i see a few new faces .	and if any of you don t know me
i am jack schitt . the third .	we love you jack !
the third .	we love you jack !
i love you too man !	somebody get a video camera .
a what ?	oh yeah .
i guess we re just gonna have to use our rememberers .	your rememberers ?
oh lord .	we truly are in the town that time forgot .
they say his house is so opulent he has his own driveway .	i would too if i made jack schitt money .
now very rarely do i get a chance to interface with the youth of the community .	i thought this was a prime opportunity .
the first nugget of wisdom i need to share with you is to stay off the doggone drugs .	even pot ?
oh no no no .	pot s ok .
what about cocaine ?	no no no .
i got no problem with cocaine .	i mean as a matter of fact
i ve been known to do a bump or two in the morning to get me out of bed .	i am talkin the hard drugs .
ecstasy ?	ecstasy . is a tool .
ecstasy ?	ecstasy .
it s not a drug .	as a matter of fact i got a belly full of it right now !
now drugs is just a minor part of the problem .	the big thing i want you to remember for the love of mike is to stay in school .
i m three one .	school s not really an option for me .
jack schitt is a straight shooter .	and if you re over three zero and you re havin trouble with the readin and writin
i m not gonna tell you that s a plus .	mr. schitt is anything about us a plus ?
i il see y all at the schittville holiday parade .	thank you very much !
thank you !	cheers applause
love you .	i love you man .
i love you !	i love you .
man they sure could use a man like that in washington .	that big talkin corny dressin out of style bolo tie wearin motherfucker .
fall by scott miller	taste for life by scott miller
hey billy .	why not shake another one ?
i can t hoover .	i gotta go .
come on .	just one more ?
i il go out with you saturday night .	you know if your name wasn t hoover .
yeah ok .	you know i don t smoke pot .
it destroys your memory .	giggling no it doesn t .
i have a riddle for you .	yeah ?
what s white and gets shoved in your face by a screaming landlord ?	i wanna say a free trial size bottle of shampoo .
an eviction notice .	scoffs
and where is said eviction notice ?	you re smokin it .
ooh you got some other mail though .	ugh !
great .	let s just pile it on why don t we ?
oh !	shit !
this is from that snowboarding academy i applied to two months ago .	hey if i get accepted this could change our lives forever .
open it .	gimme a hit of this first .
you know i don t smoke pot .	it destroys your memory .
no it doesn t !	oh shit !
open it .	pine mountain academy here i come !
both whoop	case thanks for comin with me .
what are best friends for ?	how are you gonna pay for this fancy shmancy academy anyway ?
i m just gonna use the money my parents gave me when i promised they never had to see me again .	casey laughs but check this out though .
the pine mountain academy was founded by colonel jaffe retired and since its conception they have produced three gold medalists four national champions and a saturday morning cartoon series in the netherlands .	hey maybe you just might fall in love with an academy member .
maybe i will .	they have a state of the art training facility .
check out this pipe !	and they have the steepest vertical in the country .
what s it called ?	the goat .
only two men have ever skied it and lived .	oooh !
the goat !	death trap .
very cool .	it also says that the locals are a group of colorful natives happy to serve your every need and only academy members are allowed on the slope .
how s it going cornhole ?	i meant colonel .
well i il tell you boys . it s not goin that good .	you see i was about nine zero seconds into a three minute soft boiled when i saw you little shitbirds crappin on my snow .
it s not goin that good .	you see i was about nine zero seconds into a three minute soft boiled when i saw you little shitbirds crappin on my snow .
we just pissed !	we meant no disrespect brah .
well i guess it s no surprise to me that you hogs can t read .	you little cocksuckers got five seconds to get off my mountain !
let s time it !	all five . four . three . two . one !
let s time it !	all five . four . three . two .
let s time it !	all five . four . three .
let s time it !	all five . four .
let s time it !	all five .
all aaargh !	aaargh !
casey hey look billy .	there s a help wanted sign .
ha !	even in the middle of nowhere there s a .
naomibucks ?	both giggle
oh !	fuckin asshole !
i m blind !	oh sweet jesus .
i didn t know .	hey you must be blind too !
i m yellin at another blind guy !	that s horrible !
well !	joke s on me .
in that case . fuck you !	oh by the way .
fuck you !	oh by the way .
name s blind danny temples .	my card .
for all your housing and realty needs gimme a call .	i il help you out .
welcome to schittville .	entrance bell
i need a coffee .	do you want one ?
sure .	hello .
naomi .	hi .
billy .	can i get a couple of coffees ?
well billy boy get ready for a treat .	eight bucks .
oh .	keep the change .
check it !	the new dude s got wood !
laughter	so do you !
i know !	so does shaft !
my shit is rock hard !	quite a little think tank they ve got goin aw just havin a little good natured fun .
i m gonna get in with these guys .	use a little bit of the wagstaff charm .
hey brahs !	billy wagstaff .
just got accepted to the academy .	might be olympic gold medalist someday .
sack and gash .	we got a special way of welcoming academy members brah .
loud farts	high pitched farts oh !
oops .	can t fart
i il be back .	those must be those colorful happy natives here to serve our every need .
ha ha .	explosive fart
i did it !	uh oh .
oh god .	it s too hot .
shrieks oh god !	woman colonel jaffe there s a billy wagstaff here to see you .
oh good .	i il be right out lizzie .
suzy .	it s suzy .
i ve only been here for one one years .	ah jesus i hurt .
now here s a tip .	never call him coach .
you have to call him colonel .	or he il hurt you in places that don t show .
funny !	yeah .
i get it .	he s probably the nicest guy in the world isn t he ?
at ease lizzie !	i il take this young man from here .
a day early !	i like that .
shows keen interest .	shows desire .
it s a good quality .	unless you ve been invited over for dinner .
both men chuckle	billy wagstaff .
william wagstaff venice beach california .	i know .
i recognize you from your application video .	shows some raw talent son .
well you know the video s a year old .	i go some new moves i can t wait to show you .
i m all chicken skin just thinkin about it .	colonel jaffe retired .
i m also the coach here at the academy .	ah .
what do you prefer ?	coach or colonel ?
i prefer god .	but that would be unseemly .
winter !	report to admissions office double time soldier !
i m coming !	copy that !
grunting	both sigh
thank you .	go go .
that s real attractive brandt .	moans
i m her daddy .	yes daddy ?
winter i want you to meet billy wagstaff a new member of the academy .	billy meet winter .
that s an interesting name winter .	so is .
billy .	i named her winter because she s as pure as the driven snow .
i hear different and someone dies .	now i want you to show wagstaff here everything the academy has to offer little girl .
and save that halfpipe till last .	all right ?
we got the best halfpipe in the country son .	yeah ?
what happened to the other half ?	very humorous .
i want you back here at zero six zero zero for orientation .	maybe you can see how funny myworld is .
man .	let s go mr. wagstaff .
hey winter .	why don t you let me show the new guy around ?
i m sure you ve got better things to do .	thought i did but they weren t any better .
i d be more than happy to show the new member around myself .	come on .
billy whoo !	yeah winter !
looking good !	wait till you see the gorge .
it s tight and wet but it sure feels good when you go down it .	race you to the bottom .
you got it .	well ?
it s great .	everything is great .
can we ride it ?	and can you go first ?
you know just give me the lay of the land .	who told you my nickname ?
oh ho .	follow me if you can keep up .
keeping up is no problem .	god i love her .
high by hydrophonix	this is a little move i like to call keep the change .
make sure the steam is blowing up against the boobies so the na nas stand up .	then make sure you get some foam on the ta tas .
and then dip with your finger like this .	and then put your finger all the way in your mouth to lick it off .
there you go .	that il be four dollars .
shuffling bills	keep the change .
that was so . cool .	yep .
cool .	yep .
these tits are practically paying for themselves .	i don t think i have the na nas the ta tas the boo boos or the ba bas for that .
you re right .	those aren t exactly moneymakers .
but i think we can work with that little ass of yours .	get me a muffin .
ok .	oh yeah that works .
looks like i got a new muffin girl .	so what dorm are you staying in ?
oh i can t afford to .	my friend and i are getting a place in town .
in town ?	you re gonna live with the poories ?
poories ?	that s what we call the locals in schittville .
poories cause they re poor .	get it ?
poor . ies .	yeah um .
ies .	yeah um .
i guess that makes me a poorie .	what do you guys call yourselves ?
the richies cause you re rich . ies ?	as a matter of fact we do .
ies ?	as a matter of fact we do .
oh .	clever .
yeah .	i hope you were clever enough to wear a lot of warm clothes .
why ?	because i don t hang out with poories .
see you in another life hopefully a richer one .	bye bye .
casey richards welcome to paradise !	oh .
huh ?	i think you made the right choice coming to blind danny temples for all your realty needs .
now just so you know the trick to being blind is to memorize your surroundings .	that s the key .
screams casey oh god !	oh my god !
cane cane cane cane cane !	here .
thank you .	you re welcome .
so what do you think ?	uh .
as you can see this is our deluxe single .	and . this is all fresh paint .
as you can see this is our deluxe single .	and .
just had this done .	if you step right this way you will see . the most beautiful mountain view in all pine valley !
just had this done .	if you step right this way you will see .
beautiful !	sniffs take a smell !
ah !	that mountain air !
coughs	and that s schittville .
so what do you think ?	you wanna rent the place ?
sure .	all right .
enjoy .	thanks .
let me help you to the door .	i don t need help i don t need help .
i ve got this place memorized to a t.	whoo !
laughs	can t believe those idiots rented this shithole .
here danny want me to show you out ?	oh jesus !
nervous chuckle i was kiddin around .	yeah ?
it was a joke !	yeah ?
it s not bad .	tell that to him .
yeah it s not too bad for a couple of poories .	poories ?
what s that ?	it s what they call us at the academy .
why ?	because we re poor ?
well actually yeah .	ok so what do they do ?
they call themselves the richies ?	no .
yes .	hey is this the .
no talking in the lecture hall .	well how are we gonna get a lecture if there s no talking in the lecture hall ?
ok .	sighs fun group .
ten hut !	as you were gentlemen .
introduce yourselves to the new recruit william wagstaff .	hey brahs .
we don t refer to people as bra wagstaff .	you see a bra is something that holds up a woman s titties .
is that what you are ?	something that holds up a woman s titties ?
on a good day yeah .	billy chuckles
what do you think this is ?	jay leno ?
roars of laugher	this is the best of the best .
what i m saying is . snowboarding is the relentless pursuit of perfection which of course is the american way .	now let me introduce you to the members of the pine mountain academy all american snowboarding team !
snowboarding is the relentless pursuit of perfection which of course is the american way .	now let me introduce you to the members of the pine mountain academy all american snowboarding team !
from germany	hans gruber !
from sweden sven darden !	from russia nootnik kratzin !
from switzerland via israel schlomo boardstein !	and you will buddy up with my team captain
america s own brandt von hoffman !	for your professional needs talk to me .
for your personal needs talk to my daughter winter .	knowing laughter
all right !	everyone up on that hill !
let s see what you got !	what the fuck are you doing on skis you homo schlomo ?
don t you know this is a snowboard academy ?	total bagel job schlomo !
zero !	hey have a good run nootnik .
your dick is so small i would not even suck it .	yeah it takes a while to learn the language but i get what you mean !
thank you .	you snowboard as good as you talk nootnik !
and your mother s a whore !	hey good luck sven .
ja ?	and you have nice cumshots on your face you bitch jerk off .
sven is in the house .	yeah you guys are a great bunch of kidders !
hey hans .	hi billy !
welcome to the academy !	i hope this experience will be good fun for you .
i got a chili bean stuck in my starfish .	you might wanna suck it out you nazi fuck !
what ?	oh .
oh god .	he was being nice .
thank you hans !	i d rather fuck a dog your dog than watch you do this again .
all right brandt !	show billy boy here what it takes to be a national champion !
hey brandt .	you know wagstiff you got no shot with winter jaffe .
you might fuck her but that s as far as it s gonna go .	actually brandt that would be plenty for me .
i m gonna do everything i can to get you kicked out of this academy wagstiff .	just in case you thought you knew how to snowboard watch this .
way to go brandt !	beautiful !
nice move brandt !	all right !
ok billy !	show these goofballs why i let you into school !
what was that wagstaff ?	huh ?
all that wigglin around up there .	you look like you got a combination of tourette s and the runs .
phony laughter	ha ha ha !
maybe i should dig up katharine hepburn throw her in there .	she d give me a smoother run .
i ve always been a big fan of her work .	oh !
he s got the balls to sass me !	i think i know how to get the punk out of you .
how about a nice long ride all the way down the mountain huh ?	and if you fall you start over .
yes sir .	no no .
where are you going wagstaff ?	the lift is for snowboarders .
ass wiggling go go dancers walk .	seriously ?
well how did i miss that ?	have a nice walk britney .
pa attention all pine mountain academy members !	please report to the annual calendar shoot .
except you wagstaff .	i am going to die !
naomi do it outside .	how was your first day ?
pain . and terror .	the school s having a party tonight .
and terror .	the school s having a party tonight .
you wanna go ?	cool .
coach made me walk the mountain today .	you must ve wiggled your ass like a go go girl .
can t you read the fuckin sign ?	tell you what sloppy .
i il give you an acupuncture treatment .	for real ?
fuckin a.	my parents are benihana chefs long story don t ask .
look you want my help or not ?	does it hurt ?
have you ever had blood drawn ?	yeah .
that wasn t so bad .	just like that only six zero zero times in two zero minutes .
oh don t be such a pussy !	also sprach zarathustra by richard strauss
i see the problem .	your lower back is in spasm .
i m gonna have to stick some needles in your ass now sweetie .	um .
but my butt feels fine .	i il say !
why does my butt feel like it needs to cough ?	i uh .
i heat the needles .	coughs
will you just let the person that knows what the fuck they re doing just do it ?	hyah !
ok yeah .	that hurt .
you know what they say no pain no gain .	agh !
no !	hyah !
no !	cha !
no !	vom !
oh !	shriek die daddy .
whimper	just seven four more to go sweetie .
oh god .	here .
bite this .	it s all good .
really ?	i love healing .
oh !	ooh !
yeah !	agh !
your back feels better now doesn t it ?	yeah back feels good .
my ass feels like it s been clawed by a litter of panthers .	your butt looks like that guy from hellraiser .
he s gonna be as good as new in about an hour .	my work here is done .
now i m gonna get myself all prettied up for the party tonight .	whoa whoa whoa whoa !
what about the needles ?	hm .
casey ?	yank em out in about half an hour .
don t be gentle .	is that part of the therapy ?
no .	it s just more fun that way .
toodles !	wow .
that is the sweetest sexiest most brutal woman i ve ever met .	i think she kinda digs me .
really ?	aargh !
you know back in the day there wasn t no richies or poories .	there was just whities . and then there was others .
you know back in the day there wasn t no richies or poories .	there was just whities .
and guess who got to ski the goddamn mountain .	it wasn t like they said black folk could only ride the slushy hill but hell we knewwhat others meant .
it wasn t like we didn t have our own rules on the slushy hill .	i was a poor motherfucker back then and i could only afford one ski .
so i rode that slushy hill on one .	you invented snowboarding ?
i called it boogie woogie one ski .	then i realized there was only one way to free up the mountain so all men could use it and that was to do the one thing that no man had ever done before ski the goat .
i boogie woogie one skied that goat and for years after all men and bitches too could ski pine mountain .	oh it was beautiful babies .
but like everything beautiful people fucked it all up .	i tried to stop em but .
i was pretty fucked up my damn self .	well that s when the colonel . the motherfucker stole my one ski idea and had the mountain declared a private skiing academy .
i was pretty fucked up my damn self .	well that s when the colonel .
then we was all back on the slushy hill .	brah why don t you go do all that shit again and get our mountain back for us ?
all yeah !	how am i supposed to do that balls ?
pretend i m not tired bitter and drunk ?	whistle
check it out .	it s the guys from the cafe .
yeah .	let s just go this way .
no no .	be polite .
hey !	let me buy you brahs a couple of glasses of suds .
bras are what are used to hold up women s breasts .	look we re only being nice to you
cause we like the new muffin girl with the dope ass .	laughs
and now we re not gonna buy you any suds .	academy members only .
william wagstaff .	i should be somewhere on the list .
oh yeah .	you re the new half poorie kid .
and you are .	casey richards .
she s not in the academy .	she s my guest .
sorry .	only members of the academy can be guests .
yeah yeah .	shot ?
bubbles .	yeah .
hey winter .	um yeah .
fuck off sweetie .	hi !
hey .	hi billy .
come on .	don t tell me you re upset cause you re not over there with your buddy .
let me tell you something about losin a man .	there ain t one alive worth sheddin a tear over .
drink up sister .	so you ve never been in love ?
maybe if i could find the guy that could see past my incredible good looks perfect figure and the sexiest mouth god ever created .	but i don t know if i could find a guy like that in schittville .
maybe he s sitting right next to you .	somebody better get danny away from that beaver before he fucks it again .
so you didn t tell me you even had a poorie girlfriend .	singsong somebody might need a blood test .
casey ?	she s not my girlfriend .
i ve known her since i was like six .	she s kind of like my sister .
i don t know .	she s very pretty .
she is ?	look at him sittin over there like he owns the damn place .
i hate that asshole .	he can suck my .
black cock !	and he knows it too .
straight upstandin cheap ass whiskey drinkin motherfucker !	bitch !
blows	daddy look who i found .
well !	enjoy your hike there son ?
or did my mountain kick your ass ?	raucous laughter
my butt s seen better days sir .	well why don t you get yourself a nice massage tomorrow up at the academy ?
just don t let that big titted whore at the coffee house stick any needles in your ass .	i hear she almost bled some poor son of a bitch to death .
raucous laughter	hi .
i m brandt von hoffman pine mountain academy team captain .	second in command .
casey richards .	let me be right up front with you .
i m a poorie and proud of it .	are you kidding ?
i don t play all that stupid richie poorie crap like the rest of those snobs .	no .
to me people are people .	rich or poor there s good and there s bad people .
but if you re into that kind of segregation thing i can split .	no no !
i .	i just can t believe i met someone who isn t .
so . if i asked you to have a drink with me you d do it ?	billy yeah i il be right back .
if i asked you to have a drink with me you d do it ?	billy yeah i il be right back .
i d love to .	casey !
brandt this is my friend billy .	i know billy !
awesome ride on the slopes today brah .	this guy is one heck of a snowboarder .
i m so glad you could make it .	casey and i were about to grab a drink .
can you join us ?	yeah .
no .	i gotta pee really bad .
whispers and i think my ass might be bleeding .	good luck with that .
ok .	urinates groans with relief
i drank too much .	hi handsome .
i ve been looking for you .	jesus winter !
you re not supposed to be in here .	are you sure ?
your lips say no .	but your stream says yes !
you want me to tap that off for you ?	no no no !
i m fine thank you .	you want me to suck it for you ?
i m gonna have to say yes to that .	sven front and center .
ja colonel .	are you seeing my daughter ?
never from the front i swear it !	jeez !
does your father know you do stuff like this ?	god i hope so .
moans	hey j. p. the colonel s mad dogging you right now .
well goddamn .	so he is .
hey balls you gonna let him do that to me your hero ?	after that story ?
no way brah .	i got something right here in my pocket for him .
well bust it out .	laughs he s giving you the bird !
the double bird !	bitch of a son !
are you just gonna sit there ?	or are you gonna do something about it ?
jawohl !	hey poories !
freibier !	dude that hit me right in the head !
goddamn boy !	you can t let people hit you in the head with beer bottles !
j. p. s right .	let s kick some richie ass !
all yeah !	yells
come on get in there .	who s next ?
who got some ?	sit down !
get in there !	hidin behind me you big queen .
now i shall ass beat you big black man so the colonel will like me more !	sven is here .
a little help danny !	up on that .
thank you very much my brother .	swing danny !
danny whoops	nailed him !
raucous laughter	ja .
kick the asses .	billy jeez .
yes .	billy moans
oh yes !	nothing like a well deserved evacuation of the bowels son .
that sounds like your father .	grunting
perfect .	what the hell is goin on in there ?
you gotta go .	go !
door closes	colonel !
i was just .	i know what you were doin you goddamn animal .
we don t go in for that up here at pine mountain .	i don t knowwhat kind of .
i don t like you wagstaff .	you re always doin something that you shouldn t be doin .
dancing on the slopes disobeying a direct order havin sex in a shitter with what was clearly a man .	matter of fact you just made it to the top of my shit list .
thank you sir .	you won t be disappointed .
all right !	we can t have nice nice .
whistles move out !	the black man just kicked his own ass .
whistle	i got my eye on you blind man .
i got my ear on you .	demagogue by urban dance squad
nazi fag !	elevate you limp dicked mother hump .
it s pathetic .	wankers !
i m surrounded by wankers .	i guess you wanna hear me say that that was creative and inventive and fun to watch .
is that what you were thinking wagstaff ?	i was told it was impolite to ever refuse a compliment sir so . please can i hear what you thought ?
is that what you were thinking wagstaff ?	i was told it was impolite to ever refuse a compliment sir so .
here s my thought dipshit .	watching you felt like . a small intensely powerful wolverine eating a sack o nuts out of my anus .
here s my thought dipshit .	watching you felt like .
get to my office .	now !
give it time by evan olson	moaning
aagh !	ok mr. osama .
where are you ?	over there ?
ooh !	boom !
colonel jaffe .	now i may not be a mind reader . but i think i know what you were gonna say .
colonel jaffe .	now i may not be a mind reader .
you want me to be team captain .	i don t think i ve been here long enough to have gained the respect and admiration of the other guys .
but um .	what the hell .
i accept .	you know that s just a crazy enough idea to actually work .
captain wagstaff .	really ?
so i m off your shit list ?	no you puke .
i ve just spent more than a day and a half trying to mold you into an olympic caliber snowboarder .	i just realized that i ve been polishing a turd .
you are fuckin expelled .	huh .
well thank you for you support sir .	who would i see about getting a tuition refund ?
you re lookin at him scumbucket .	guess what ?
i m going to impound that homo blowjob slush fund .	all right .
i m leaving .	ooh .
there s something i could tell you about last night that would devastate you .	but i got too much class for that .
gossip ?	wait get back here .
you re not dismissed !	what they say ?
let s say that between you and me winter came a little early last night .	leave it at that .
how dare you ?	i ve heard that vicious lie from every man on this mountain and they re all liars !
get out of here before i kill you with my bare hands !	why why why ?
why me ?	oh god .
jack ?	come to me jack .
come up now .	now i need you .
ahhh !	i il be ok ?
i il be ok ?	i il be ok !
i il be ok .	yes sir !
yes sir .	this is colonel jaffe .
cadet wagstaffhas just been expelled .	code red .
ohh !	both bye bye billy !
laughter	come on guys .
that s so you can breathe wagstaff .	because we are no monsters you know .
you like hanging out with the poories so much ?	maybe you can show them some of your fancy moves .
i love it when the colonel orders a code red .	just the sound of that body thumping on the inside of that can .
you guys go hit the practice slopes .	i il be in town fucking the dead guy s girlfriend .
that s why him is the captain .	good boy .
ja .	he is one bad fuckermother .
we better go hit the slopes before we end up in can of trash too .	ja .
listen your friend got himself in a lot of trouble before he quit the school .	he stole his tuition money back .
he practically attacked the colonel s daughter .	and he seemed to be involved in some sort of homosexual men s room scam .
i ve known billy my whole life .	that just doesn t sound like him .
unfortunately there s just some people in this world who act nice but in truth they re not very nice at all .	have some more wine .
and try not to worry so much .	you re right .
the one thing i know about billy is that he s a survivor .	he s probably out on the beach right now partying the night away .
oh sweet savior .	what happened to that billy dude casey came up here with ?
i thought she was all up on his dick .	she is .
it s one of those things any fool can see but them .	and me .
groaning	ok .
that is the last time i take a shit in this can .	oh shit .
screaming	i heard some dude was blowing him in the bathroom last week during that fight we had when the richies kicked our ass .
yeah that was a good fight .	yeah !
what are you guys so happy about ?	you lost .
they beat you like rugs .	maybe we are giant losers .
i mean even casey our muffin girl is dating a richie .	oh billy shmilly .
i love schittville .	salt .
oh sweet jesus i m in the road .	car approaches
here comes the pain .	billyjabbers crash
brandtsy .	so what is this ?
like our . third date ?	fifth .
third date ?	fifth .
listen everybody .	i know we got off on the wrong foot but . five days duct taped into a trashcan . can change a man .
listen everybody .	i know we got off on the wrong foot but . five days duct taped into a trashcan .
listen everybody .	i know we got off on the wrong foot but .
yeah .	into garbage .
do you mind ?	would you let the motherfucker finish ?
or else he ain t gonna leave .	thank you .
look .	we can t let the richies do this to us anymore .
and i was wrong .	yeah something most of us learned in the fourth grade but please go on .
well i learned a couple of things and i wanna share em with you .	first is that a human being can live off the lickings of a garbage can for five . long . days .
well i learned a couple of things and i wanna share em with you .	first is that a human being can live off the lickings of a garbage can for five . long .
well i learned a couple of things and i wanna share em with you .	first is that a human being can live off the lickings of a garbage can for five .
another thing we learned in the fourth grade .	how about this ?
we don t have to kowtow to the richies anymore .	question .
kowtow ?	goddamn they re stupid motherfuckers .
get pushed around idiot .	oh !
like the richies do to us .	kowtow !
wait a minute .	we hate kowtowing .
yeah !	i il cut the next bitch that kowtows me .
the point is we need to take back what belongs to schittville .	it smells like you done took plenty back already .
i m talking about the mountain .	and our honor and our dignity .
honor and dignity ?	that s some pretty redundant shit for five days work .
poopy pants is right .	we need to take back our shit including casey our muffin girl unless brandt von hoffman s kowtowing her right now .
can you use it like that ?	i think you can .
whoa .	wait wait .
casey is kowtowing brandt ?	why don t you take me back to my place so we can fuck like wild dogs ?
i can put both my feet behind my head .	check !
but i do have to go put a stop to that right now .	you might want to wash the crap out of your pants first dear .
she got a helluva an idea mr. honor and dignity .	ok .
but i still have a good hunk of speech left .	we can t wait to hear it !
ok .	goddamn !
can somebody crack the window ?	not you danny you blind son of a bitch .
case ?	casey ?
oh thank god .	soft music
oh god .	giggles
whoo !	ok i can t do this .
the colonel says always wear a rubber .	even if you re just eating with a poorie .
right i m really glad you said that incredibly insulting thing .	that il make this a lot easier .
i m not gonna have sex with you .	i mean our going out was a really big mistake .
i like somebody else .	that s why i moved here in the first place .
what am i supposed to do with this wood ?	build a coffee table ?
ok .	you re not swaying me much .
i have to ask you to leave .	not until i get what i came for .
groans	billy !
i believe the lady said .	wow .
what page of national geographic did he pop off of ?	i don t know .
ohh !	i get it .
i might be rich but i m not stupid .	actually yeah you are .
bye bye .	here .
give this to your boyfriend .	he can wear it as a wet suit .
casey gasps	he threw a rubber on my face didn t he ?
yeah .	let me get it for you .
sorry if i ruined your date .	you did .
but not for the reasons you think .	groans
j. p. hm ?	slurps
can i buy you a drink ?	oh yeah oh yeah .
but uh .	i don t have to follow you to your car ?
no !	jesus !
i wasn t with a guy .	i was with the .
colonel s daughter .	how did you get at the end of that line ?
i m still waitin for the call .	i feel .
i feel terrible .	i screwed everybody over and .
i acted like an asshole .	let me tell you something .
a man who can t see that he s acting like a asshole there s a real asshole .	but a man who can admit it that man s all right in my book .
i wrote a book you know .	give it a skim .
it s a big . font .	thank you very much .
font .	thank you very much .
i talk all about the kennedys jimmy hoffa . space aliens .	that bullshit moon landing .
space aliens .	that bullshit moon landing .
we never go to no fucking moon .	i bought the commemorative plate for nothing .
i got a whole chapter on the president and his pretty ass wife having dinner with osama bin laden on nine one two .	it s some heavy shit .
hey back me up on this .	i taught jim morrison .
he taught john lennon how to be ironic .	there s some shit about area five one .
keep it to yourself .	i ve been to area five eight .
it s sort of a rest area .	and here s one just between the two of us .
kurt cobain killed that crazy bitch courtney love cut off his own dick bought him some titties and he s courtney love .	that s her in his grave .
dig her up and find out .	there s a hole in that hole .
well i don t know about the two of you but i m going to sleep .	william ?
are you all right son ?	j. p.
mm hm ?	aren t you drunk ?
i ve never been drunk a day in my life .	i ve been waiting for you boy .
and no more bullshit between us now .	i ve seen what you can do up on that mountain .
you are the finest natural born snowboarder .	i have ever seen in my life .
now what you got to do is get the respect of this town and you are not going to do that by walking in with a load of crap in your pants and some dumb ass speech .	how do i get the respect of the town ?
only two men have ever ridden the goat and lived .	and i il bet everything i wish i had . that you billy wagstaff are gonna be number three .
only two men have ever ridden the goat and lived .	and i il bet everything i wish i had .
what if i m one of the ones who dies ?	well then at least you il make the board .
yeah baby .	yeah baby .
hey guys .	that fuckshit wagstaff he s not as dead as we d hoped .
and here is the kicker .	the goat he is going to ride now .
let s go .	ja .
but i thought we were gonna have sex .	who wants sex when you can watch wagstiff trying to kill himself riding the goat ?
no brainer .	let s go watch that bastard break his neck .
hey you guys .	you re not gonna believe this .
i just heard billy wagstaff is skiing the goat .	look .
the goat ?	tog ruy ogta ?
what the hell does that mean ?	tog ruy ?
aaagh !	go go billy .
go go !	cheering
the last ride by evan olson	you il never see the other side of goat s hump .
die you sucker .	oh fuck !
the last ride continues	honking
shit i m alive !	oh shit .
horn	i can t believe that bastard wagstiff boarded the goat .
sven maybe one of us should ski the goat .	yeah .
brandt should do it .	he s the team captain .
no way .	nootnik you do it .
sven it is your idea .	you do it .
no .	no !
make hans do it .	why me ?
make schlomo do it .	schlomo can t do it .
you must do it .	no you do it .
no you do it .	you do it hans .
no you do it .	no you do it .
you do it .	all you do it .
doesn t anyone want to do me ?	all you do it .
here s to billy who the man wagstaff who boarded the goat and gave us poories a hero .	we love you brah .
cheering	billy billy .
now would be the right time for that speech which is funny yet motivates us to become better people .	all yeah !
yes thank you j. p.	wow .
i guess i d just like to say that when i was trapped in the trash the one thing that kept me going was knowing that all of schittville was out there looking for me .	yeah .
huh .	yeah .
i did learn what i valued most in life and that is friends . freedom . and of course food and air .	and the right to board where we want to board .
freedom . and of course food and air .	and the right to board where we want to board .
and of course food and air .	and the right to board where we want to board .
all yeah .	right on brother .
damn this is some speech .	billy so let s raise a glass you guys .
to a new era on pine mountain .	and let s end this ridiculous distinction between richies and poories and let s make this a place where every single person is welcome and accepted .
all yeah .	and get those assholes outta here .
they put me in a garbage can and left me to die .	i wanna talk to you wagstaff .
your days on the mountain are over old man .	billy boarded the goat .
you know the rules .	i know the law of the mountain .
i know that any team can challenge any other team to a chinese downhill no holds barred race to the bottom for total domination of pine mountain and i say you poories haven t got the guts .	hell yeah .
all yeah .	all right gentlemen .
listen up .	there s absolutely no way in hell you can lose this race if you board good and hard .
now there s a lot at risk here so i m leaving nothing to chance .	step up and grab a piece of insurance .
ja !	laughter
but colonel why do we need the medieval weapons or clubs of death ?	because we re not taking a chance .
he just explained this you stupid australian .	but i am hungarian .
well if you re so hungry eat me .	laughter
ja !	ja !
manic laughter	all right the winners rule the mountain .
the losers . don t rule the mountain .	you just said the same damn thing twice you redundant talking big truck driving one ski boogie woogie idea stealing ho raising dumb signposting motherfucker .
don t rule the mountain .	you just said the same damn thing twice you redundant talking big truck driving one ski boogie woogie idea stealing ho raising dumb signposting motherfucker .
all yeah !	why don t you have another beer you adjective throwing
will smith loving lie telling big book writing that ain t nobody ever gonna read idiot ?	all yeah !
there s some heavy shit in there .	you really ought to give it a skim .
look i think we all knowwhat s at stake and that j. p. wrote a book with some very heavy shit in it .	now please can we just race ?
who s gonna say go brah ?	who s not boarding ?
gee i wonder who everybody s looking at .	come on honey .
this way .	i know you hate me billy but really good luck .
thank you winter .	brandt you can watch my butt .
come on .	hang on to your jewels .
hey j. p.	you re sure easy to see in the show .
kiss my black ass you crazy white devil .	yells
look who it is billy s little slut girlfriend .	i hate you .
screaming	screams
you fucking bitch !	whoo !
whoo !	whoo !
cheering	damn you wagstaff .
you know i love you don t you ?	yeah .
yes danny .	because even though you can t see my mind boggling beauty on the outside you can see my mind boggling beauty on the inside .
i m the happiest guy in the world .	danny honey you re kissing a dead beaver .
i don t care .	i love you anyway .
that beaver s not dead .	that is one lucky no seeing beaver licking
naomi hugging son of a gun .	hey brahs the colonel winter and the richies are here .
this is a private party you no contest winning motherfuckers .	but that fine daughter of yours she can stay .
but you other tight ass bitches get the fuck out of here .	actually we re just here to say goodbye because you poories have ruined snowboarding for us .
so we re taking our olympic skills elsewhere because i ve invented a new sport .	it s called one board boatless water skiing .
that s surfing motherfucker .	africans invented that shit trying to get off your goddamn slave ships by hanging on to pieces of driftwood headed for the motherland .
it s in the book fool .	give it a skim .
oh skim that book high and hard supertan .	laughter
you know i think the important thing is here that you re leaving .	no billy .
the important thing is .	this is leaving ok ?
wrap it up .	and you poorie chicks are gonna be missing out on this .
oh who are we fooling ?	we poories should be fighting with the richies .
it s what we do .	whoa whoa whoa whoa !
stop you guys .	why do the richies and poories always have to be fighting each other ?
why can t we just make schittville the example for the whole world ?	all right gentlemen .
greener pastures .	hold on one second guys .
you re lucky we re leaving wagstiff .	if we weren t i don t think it would be too long before little casey here starts begging for a piece of what s in this package .
yelling	goddamn some more heavy shit for my book .
give it a skim .	man roll cameras .
cue marker .	hey brandt .
man keep rolling .	that fucking hurt my leg .
man still rolling ?	man two still rolling .
man great .	thank you .
do it two times .	laughter
marker .	naomi laughs oh god !
that beaver s not dead .	naomi what happened to my chair ?
yes i just hurt my ass .	oh my god .
laughs	your lips say no .
i m billy wagstaff .	what the fuck is wrong with that nasty smelling and looking motherfucker ?
naomi laughs sorry .	it s billy wagstaff .
what the fuck is wrong with that nasty looking and smelly motherfucker ?	but i got a really good hunk of speech left .
j. p. what was that ?	well good .
i m happy .	man i like nazi fag . good line .
i m happy .	man i like nazi fag .
blow me .	hot stuff .
i bet i could hear that if i tried and maybe a little labia flapping kind of action .	i mean you know i felt her face .
she s a good looking girl and you know come to think of it	i wouldn t mind putting my mouth right . if i could get a mouthful of that camel toe .
she s a good looking girl and you know come to think of it	i wouldn t mind putting my mouth right .
all that about labias flapping and camel toeing and shit .	white people .
you wouldn t know anything about that would you .	colonel ?
hey kate .	if overacting was sexy i d be hard as a fucking rock right now .
hey kate .	william shatner just called .
he wants his acting style back .	oh god forgive me .
what do you know ?	wait .
well there you go boys .	it s all true what they told you .
laughter fall by scott miller	damn look at the bucket of junk sticking out of those pants .
applause thank you thank you .	good to see you .
i love you .	good to see you .
good .	doggone doggone .
you really really really know how to make a fella feel welcome .	and as i scan the crowd here i see a few new faces .
and if any of you don t know me	i am jack schitt . the third .
and if any of you don t know me	i am jack schitt .
we love you jack !	i love you too man !
somebody get a video camera .	a what ?
oh yeah .	i guess we re just gonna have to use our rememberers .
your rememberers ?	oh lord .
we truly are in the town that time forgot .	they say his house is so opulent he has his own driveway .
i would too if i made jack schitt money .	now very rarely do i get a chance to interface with the youth of the community .
i thought this was a prime opportunity .	the first nugget of wisdom i need to share with you is to stay off the doggone drugs .
even pot ?	oh no no no .
pot s ok .	that s medicinal .
i m talking the hard stuff .	what about cocaine ?
no no no .	i got no problem with cocaine .
i mean as a matter of fact	i ve been known to do a bump or two in the morning to get me out of bed .
i am talkin the hard drugs .	ecstasy ?
ecstasy . is a tool .	it s not a drug .
is a tool .	it s not a drug .
as a matter of fact i got a belly full of it right now !	now drugs is just a minor part of the problem .
school s not really an option for me .	jack schitt is a straight shooter .
mr. schitt is anything about us a plus ?	i il see y all at the schittville holiday parade .
thank you very much !	thank you !
cheers applause	love you .
i love you man .	i love you !
i love you .	man they sure could use a man like that in washington .
that big talkin corny dressin out of style bolo tie wearin motherfucker .	i hate that motherfucker .
taste for life by scott miller	hey billy .
why not shake another one ?	i can t hoover .
i gotta go .	come on .
just one more ?	i il go out with you saturday night .
you know if your name wasn t hoover .	yeah ok .
you know i don t smoke pot .	it destroys your memory .
giggling no it doesn t .	i have a riddle for you .
yeah ?	what s white and gets shoved in your face by a screaming landlord ?
i wanna say a free trial size bottle of shampoo .	an eviction notice .
scoffs	and where is said eviction notice ?
you re smokin it .	ooh you got some other mail though .
ugh !	great .
let s just pile it on why don t we ?	oh !
shit !	this is from that snowboarding academy i applied to two months ago .
hey if i get accepted this could change our lives forever .	open it .
gimme a hit of this first .	you know i don t smoke pot .
it destroys your memory .	no it doesn t !
oh shit !	this is from the snowboarding academy i applied to two months ago .
if i m accepted this could change our lives forever !	open it .
pine mountain academy here i come !	both whoop
case thanks for comin with me .	what are best friends for ?
casey laughs but check this out though .	the pine mountain academy was founded by colonel jaffe retired and since its conception they have produced three gold medalists four national champions and a saturday morning cartoon series in the netherlands .
hey maybe you just might fall in love with an academy member .	maybe i will .
they have a state of the art training facility .	check out this pipe !
and they have the steepest vertical in the country .	what s it called ?
the goat .	only two men have ever skied it and lived .
oooh !	the goat !
death trap .	very cool .
it also says that the locals are a group of colorful natives happy to serve your every need and only academy members are allowed on the slope .	how s it going cornhole ?
i meant colonel .	well i il tell you boys . it s not goin that good .
i meant colonel .	well i il tell you boys .
you see i was about nine zero seconds into a three minute soft boiled when i saw you little shitbirds crappin on my snow .	we just pissed !
we meant no disrespect brah .	well i guess it s no surprise to me that you hogs can t read .
you little cocksuckers got five seconds to get off my mountain !	let s time it !
all five . four . three . two . one !	all aaargh !
four . three . two . one !	all aaargh !
three . two . one !	all aaargh !
two . one !	all aaargh !
one !	all aaargh !
aaargh !	casey hey look billy .
there s a help wanted sign .	ha !
even in the middle of nowhere there s a .	naomibucks ?
both giggle	oh !
watch where i m goin !	chuckles
well i would love to watch where i m goin .	the only problem with that is .
oh sweet jesus .	i didn t know .
that s horrible !	you wanna touch faces and see what we look like ?
the thing is i m not . blind .	well !
blind .	well !
joke s on me .	in that case . fuck you !
joke s on me .	in that case .
oh by the way .	name s blind danny temples .
my card .	for all your housing and realty needs gimme a call .
i il help you out .	welcome to schittville .
entrance bell	i need a coffee .
do you want one ?	sure .
hello .	naomi .
hi .	billy .
can i get a couple of coffees ?	well billy boy get ready for a treat .
eight bucks .	oh .
keep the change .	check it !
the new dude s got wood !	laughter
so do you !	i know !
so does shaft !	my shit is rock hard !
use a little bit of the wagstaff charm .	hey brahs !
billy wagstaff .	just got accepted to the academy .
might be olympic gold medalist someday .	oh yeah ?
well i m balls that s shaft that s grabs	sack and gash .
we got a special way of welcoming academy members brah .	loud farts
high pitched farts oh !	oops .
can t fart	i il be back .
those must be those colorful happy natives here to serve our every need .	ha ha .
explosive fart	i did it !
uh oh .	oh god .
it s too hot .	shrieks oh god !
woman colonel jaffe there s a billy wagstaff here to see you .	oh good .
i il be right out lizzie .	suzy .
it s suzy .	i ve only been here for one one years .
ah jesus i hurt .	now here s a tip .
never call him coach .	you have to call him colonel .
or he il hurt you in places that don t show .	funny !
yeah .	i get it .
he s probably the nicest guy in the world isn t he ?	at ease lizzie !
i il take this young man from here .	a day early !
i like that .	shows keen interest .
shows desire .	it s a good quality .
unless you ve been invited over for dinner .	both men chuckle
billy wagstaff .	william wagstaff venice beach california .
i know .	i recognize you from your application video .
shows some raw talent son .	well you know the video s a year old .
ah .	what do you prefer ?
coach or colonel ?	i prefer god .
so i m gonna have my daughter winter give you the grand tour .	winter !
report to admissions office double time soldier !	do you copy ?
copy that !	grunting
both sigh	thank you .
go go .	that s real attractive brandt .
yes daddy ?	winter i want you to meet billy wagstaff a new member of the academy .
billy meet winter .	that s an interesting name winter .
so is .	billy .
i named her winter because she s as pure as the driven snow .	i hear different and someone dies .
now i want you to show wagstaff here everything the academy has to offer little girl .	and save that halfpipe till last .
all right ?	we got the best halfpipe in the country son .
yeah ?	what happened to the other half ?
very humorous .	i want you back here at zero six zero zero for orientation .
maybe you can see how funny myworld is .	man .
let s go mr. wagstaff .	hey winter .
thought i did but they weren t any better .	i d be more than happy to show the new member around myself .
come on .	billy whoo !
yeah winter !	looking good !
wait till you see the gorge .	it s tight and wet but it sure feels good when you go down it .
race you to the bottom .	you got it .
well ?	it s great .
everything is great .	can we ride it ?
and can you go first ?	you know just give me the lay of the land .
who told you my nickname ?	oh ho .
follow me if you can keep up .	keeping up is no problem .
god i love her .	high by hydrophonix
this is a little move i like to call keep the change .	make sure the steam is blowing up against the boobies so the na nas stand up .
then make sure you get some foam on the ta tas .	and then dip with your finger like this .
and then put your finger all the way in your mouth to lick it off .	there you go .
that il be four dollars .	shuffling bills
keep the change .	that was so . cool .
keep the change .	that was so .
yep .	these tits are practically paying for themselves .
i don t think i have the na nas the ta tas the boo boos or the ba bas for that .	you re right .
those aren t exactly moneymakers .	but i think we can work with that little ass of yours .
get me a muffin .	ok .
oh yeah that works .	looks like i got a new muffin girl .
so what dorm are you staying in ?	oh i can t afford to .
my friend and i are getting a place in town .	in town ?
you re gonna live with the poories ?	poories ?
that s what we call the locals in schittville .	poories cause they re poor .
get it ?	poor . ies .
get it ?	poor .
yeah um .	i guess that makes me a poorie .
what do you guys call yourselves ?	the richies cause you re rich . ies ?
what do you guys call yourselves ?	the richies cause you re rich .
as a matter of fact we do .	oh .
clever .	yeah .
i hope you were clever enough to wear a lot of warm clothes .	why ?
because i don t hang out with poories .	see you in another life hopefully a richer one .
bye bye .	aaaarghhh !
god i m in love .	casey richards welcome to paradise !
oh .	huh ?
i think you made the right choice coming to blind danny temples for all your realty needs .	now just so you know the trick to being blind is to memorize your surroundings .
that s the key .	screams casey oh god !
oh my god !	don t help me don t help me .
i m not a cripple i m not a cripple .	cane cane cane cane cane !
here .	thank you .
you re welcome .	so what do you think ?
uh .	as you can see this is our deluxe single .
and . this is all fresh paint .	just had this done .
this is all fresh paint .	just had this done .
if you step right this way you will see . the most beautiful mountain view in all pine valley !	beautiful !
the most beautiful mountain view in all pine valley !	beautiful !
sniffs take a smell !	ah !
that mountain air !	coughs
and that s schittville .	so what do you think ?
you wanna rent the place ?	sure .
all right .	enjoy .
thanks .	let me help you to the door .
i don t need help i don t need help .	i ve got this place memorized to a t.
whoo !	laughs
can t believe those idiots rented this shithole .	here danny want me to show you out ?
oh jesus !	nervous chuckle i was kiddin around .
yeah ?	it was a joke !
yeah ?	it s not bad .
tell that to him .	yeah it s not too bad for a couple of poories .
poories ?	what s that ?
it s what they call us at the academy .	why ?
because we re poor ?	well actually yeah .
ok so what do they do ?	they call themselves the richies ?
no .	yes .
hey is this the .	no talking in the lecture hall .
well how are we gonna get a lecture if there s no talking in the lecture hall ?	german accent no wisecracking in the lecture hall either mystery party crasher .
nordic accent keep the talking and my ass you can be eating cause i m making the bad report on you new blabby guy .	ok .
sighs fun group .	ten hut !
as you were gentlemen .	introduce yourselves to the new recruit william wagstaff .
hey brahs .	we don t refer to people as bra wagstaff .
you see a bra is something that holds up a woman s titties .	is that what you are ?
something that holds up a woman s titties ?	on a good day yeah .
billy chuckles	what do you think this is ?
jay leno ?	roars of laugher
now let me introduce you to the members of the pine mountain academy all american snowboarding team !	from germany
hans gruber !	from sweden sven darden !
from russia nootnik kratzin !	from switzerland via israel schlomo boardstein !
and you will buddy up with my team captain	america s own brandt von hoffman !
for your professional needs talk to me .	for your personal needs talk to my daughter winter .
knowing laughter	all right !
everyone up on that hill !	let s see what you got !
what the fuck are you doing on skis you homo schlomo ?	don t you know this is a snowboard academy ?
total bagel job schlomo !	zero !
hey have a good run nootnik .	your dick is so small i would not even suck it .
yeah it takes a while to learn the language but i get what you mean !	thank you .
you snowboard as good as you talk nootnik !	and your mother s a whore !
hey good luck sven .	ja ?
and you have nice cumshots on your face you bitch jerk off .	sven is in the house .
yeah you guys are a great bunch of kidders !	hey hans .
hi billy !	welcome to the academy !
i hope this experience will be good fun for you .	i got a chili bean stuck in my starfish .
you might wanna suck it out you nazi fuck !	what ?
oh .	oh god .
he was being nice .	thank you hans !
i d rather fuck a dog your dog than watch you do this again .	all right brandt !
show billy boy here what it takes to be a national champion !	hey brandt .
you know wagstiff you got no shot with winter jaffe .	you might fuck her but that s as far as it s gonna go .
just in case you thought you knew how to snowboard watch this .	way to go brandt !
beautiful !	nice move brandt !
all right !	ok billy !
show these goofballs why i let you into school !	what was that wagstaff ?
huh ?	all that wigglin around up there .
you look like you got a combination of tourette s and the runs .	phony laughter
ha ha ha !	maybe i should dig up katharine hepburn throw her in there .
she d give me a smoother run .	i ve always been a big fan of her work .
oh !	he s got the balls to sass me !
i think i know how to get the punk out of you .	how about a nice long ride all the way down the mountain huh ?
and if you fall you start over .	yes sir .
no no .	where are you going wagstaff ?
the lift is for snowboarders .	ass wiggling go go dancers walk .
seriously ?	well how did i miss that ?
have a nice walk britney .	pa attention all pine mountain academy members !
please report to the annual calendar shoot .	except you wagstaff .
i am going to die !	naomi do it outside .
how was your first day ?	pain . and terror .
how was your first day ?	pain .
the school s having a party tonight .	you wanna go ?
cool .	great .
i m gonna go home lay down for a while .	coach made me walk the mountain today .
you must ve wiggled your ass like a go go girl .	can t you read the fuckin sign ?
tell you what sloppy .	i il give you an acupuncture treatment .
for real ?	fuckin a.
my parents are benihana chefs long story don t ask .	look you want my help or not ?
does it hurt ?	have you ever had blood drawn ?
yeah .	that wasn t so bad .
just like that only six zero zero times in two zero minutes .	oh don t be such a pussy !
also sprach zarathustra by richard strauss	i see the problem .
um .	but my butt feels fine .
i il say !	why does my butt feel like it needs to cough ?
i uh .	i heat the needles .
coughs	will you just let the person that knows what the fuck they re doing just do it ?
hyah !	ok yeah .
that hurt .	you know what they say no pain no gain .
agh !	no !
hyah !	no !
cha !	no !
vom !	oh !
shriek die daddy .	whimper
just seven four more to go sweetie .	oh god .
here .	bite this .
it s all good .	really ?
i love healing .	oh !
ooh !	yeah !
agh !	your back feels better now doesn t it ?
yeah back feels good .	my ass feels like it s been clawed by a litter of panthers .
your butt looks like that guy from hellraiser .	he s gonna be as good as new in about an hour .
whoa whoa whoa whoa !	what about the needles ?
hm .	casey ?
yank em out in about half an hour .	don t be gentle .
is that part of the therapy ?	no .
it s just more fun that way .	toodles !
wow .	that is the sweetest sexiest most brutal woman i ve ever met .
i think she kinda digs me .	really ?
aargh !	you know back in the day there wasn t no richies or poories .
there was just whities . and then there was others .	and guess who got to ski the goddamn mountain .
and then there was others .	and guess who got to ski the goddamn mountain .
it wasn t like they said black folk could only ride the slushy hill but hell we knewwhat others meant .	it wasn t like we didn t have our own rules on the slushy hill .
i was a poor motherfucker back then and i could only afford one ski .	so i rode that slushy hill on one .
you invented snowboarding ?	i called it boogie woogie one ski .
then i realized there was only one way to free up the mountain so all men could use it and that was to do the one thing that no man had ever done before ski the goat .	i boogie woogie one skied that goat and for years after all men and bitches too could ski pine mountain .
oh it was beautiful babies .	but like everything beautiful people fucked it all up .
i tried to stop em but .	i was pretty fucked up my damn self .
well that s when the colonel . the motherfucker stole my one ski idea and had the mountain declared a private skiing academy .	then we was all back on the slushy hill .
the motherfucker stole my one ski idea and had the mountain declared a private skiing academy .	then we was all back on the slushy hill .
brah why don t you go do all that shit again and get our mountain back for us ?	all yeah !
whistle	check it out .
it s the guys from the cafe .	yeah .
let s just go this way .	no no .
be polite .	hey !
i m a man .	bras are what are used to hold up women s breasts .
look we re only being nice to you	cause we like the new muffin girl with the dope ass .
laughs	and now we re not gonna buy you any suds .
academy members only .	william wagstaff .
i should be somewhere on the list .	oh yeah .
you re the new half poorie kid .	and you are .
casey richards .	she s not in the academy .
she s my guest .	sorry .
only members of the academy can be guests .	thanks !
billy i m gonna go hang out with the less classy group over there .	yeah yeah .
shot ?	bubbles .
yeah .	hey winter .
um yeah .	fuck off sweetie .
hi !	hey .
hi billy .	come on .
don t tell me you re upset cause you re not over there with your buddy .	let me tell you something about losin a man .
there ain t one alive worth sheddin a tear over .	drink up sister .
so you ve never been in love ?	maybe if i could find the guy that could see past my incredible good looks perfect figure and the sexiest mouth god ever created .
but i don t know if i could find a guy like that in schittville .	maybe he s sitting right next to you .
somebody better get danny away from that beaver before he fucks it again .	so you didn t tell me you even had a poorie girlfriend .
singsong somebody might need a blood test .	casey ?
she s not my girlfriend .	i ve known her since i was like six .
she s kind of like my sister .	i don t know .
she s very pretty .	she is ?
look at him sittin over there like he owns the damn place .	i hate that asshole .
he can suck my .	black cock !
and he knows it too .	straight upstandin cheap ass whiskey drinkin motherfucker !
bitch !	blows
daddy look who i found .	well !
enjoy your hike there son ?	or did my mountain kick your ass ?
raucous laughter	my butt s seen better days sir .
well why don t you get yourself a nice massage tomorrow up at the academy ?	just don t let that big titted whore at the coffee house stick any needles in your ass .
i hear she almost bled some poor son of a bitch to death .	raucous laughter
second in command .	casey richards .
are you kidding ?	i don t play all that stupid richie poorie crap like the rest of those snobs .
no .	to me people are people .
rich or poor there s good and there s bad people .	but if you re into that kind of segregation thing i can split .
no no !	i .
i just can t believe i met someone who isn t .	so . if i asked you to have a drink with me you d do it ?
i just can t believe i met someone who isn t .	so .
billy yeah i il be right back .	i d love to .
casey !	oh case .
i m sorry i think i might have been inside for a long time .	brandt this is my friend billy .
i know billy !	awesome ride on the slopes today brah .
casey and i were about to grab a drink .	can you join us ?
yeah .	no .
i gotta pee really bad .	whispers and i think my ass might be bleeding .
good luck with that .	ok .
urinates groans with relief	i drank too much .
hi handsome .	i ve been looking for you .
jesus winter !	you re not supposed to be in here .
are you sure ?	your lips say no .
but your stream says yes !	you want me to tap that off for you ?
sven front and center .	ja colonel .
are you seeing my daughter ?	never from the front i swear it !
jeez !	does your father know you do stuff like this ?
god i hope so .	moans
hey j. p. the colonel s mad dogging you right now .	well goddamn .
so he is .	hey balls you gonna let him do that to me your hero ?
after that story ?	no way brah .
i got something right here in my pocket for him .	well bust it out .
laughs he s giving you the bird !	the double bird !
bitch of a son !	are you just gonna sit there ?
or are you gonna do something about it ?	jawohl !
hey poories !	freibier !
dude that hit me right in the head !	goddamn boy !
you can t let people hit you in the head with beer bottles !	j. p. s right .
let s kick some richie ass !	all yeah !
yells	come on get in there .
who s next ?	who got some ?
sit down !	get in there !
hidin behind me you big queen .	now i shall ass beat you big black man so the colonel will like me more !
sven is here .	a little help danny !
up on that .	thank you very much my brother .
swing danny !	danny whoops
nailed him !	raucous laughter
ja .	kick the asses .
billy jeez .	yes .
billy moans	oh yes !
nothing like a well deserved evacuation of the bowels son .	that sounds like your father .
grunting	perfect .
what the hell is goin on in there ?	you gotta go .
go !	door closes
colonel !	i was just .
i know what you were doin you goddamn animal .	we don t go in for that up here at pine mountain .
i don t knowwhat kind of . small blond man you found to perform fellatio on you here in a public environment but i m sure his father feels shame unlike any father has ever felt since the dawn of time .	i don t like you wagstaff .
small blond man you found to perform fellatio on you here in a public environment but i m sure his father feels shame unlike any father has ever felt since the dawn of time .	i don t like you wagstaff .
you re always doin something that you shouldn t be doin .	dancing on the slopes disobeying a direct order havin sex in a shitter with what was clearly a man .
matter of fact you just made it to the top of my shit list .	thank you sir .
you won t be disappointed .	all right !
we can t have nice nice .	whistles move out !
the black man just kicked his own ass .	whistle
i got my eye on you blind man .	i got my ear on you .
demagogue by urban dance squad	nazi fag !
elevate you limp dicked mother hump .	it s pathetic .
i guess you wanna hear me say that that was creative and inventive and fun to watch .	is that what you were thinking wagstaff ?
i was told it was impolite to ever refuse a compliment sir so . please can i hear what you thought ?	here s my thought dipshit .
please can i hear what you thought ?	here s my thought dipshit .
watching you felt like . a small intensely powerful wolverine eating a sack o nuts out of my anus .	get to my office .
a small intensely powerful wolverine eating a sack o nuts out of my anus .	get to my office .
now !	give it time by evan olson
moaning	aagh !
ok mr. osama .	where are you ?
over there ?	ooh !
boom !	colonel jaffe .
now i may not be a mind reader . but i think i know what you were gonna say .	you want me to be team captain .
but i think i know what you were gonna say .	you want me to be team captain .
i don t think i ve been here long enough to have gained the respect and admiration of the other guys .	but um .
what the hell .	i accept .
you know that s just a crazy enough idea to actually work .	captain wagstaff .
no you puke .	i ve just spent more than a day and a half trying to mold you into an olympic caliber snowboarder .
i just realized that i ve been polishing a turd .	you are fuckin expelled .
huh .	well thank you for you support sir .
who would i see about getting a tuition refund ?	you re lookin at him scumbucket .
ooh .	there s something i could tell you about last night that would devastate you .
but i got too much class for that .	gossip ?
wait get back here .	you re not dismissed !
what they say ?	let s say that between you and me winter came a little early last night .
leave it at that .	how dare you ?
i ve heard that vicious lie from every man on this mountain and they re all liars !	get out of here before i kill you with my bare hands !
why why why ?	why me ?
oh god .	jack ?
come to me jack .	come up now .
now i need you .	ahhh !
i il be ok ?	i il be ok ?
i il be ok !	i il be ok .
yes sir !	yes sir .
this is colonel jaffe .	cadet wagstaffhas just been expelled .
code red .	ohh !
both bye bye billy !	laughter
come on guys .	that s so you can breathe wagstaff .
because we are no monsters you know .	you like hanging out with the poories so much ?
maybe you can show them some of your fancy moves .	i love it when the colonel orders a code red .
just the sound of that body thumping on the inside of that can .	you guys go hit the practice slopes .
i il be in town fucking the dead guy s girlfriend .	that s why him is the captain .
good boy .	ja .
he is one bad fuckermother .	we better go hit the slopes before we end up in can of trash too .
ja .	five zero zero for your thoughts .
well i m still a little mad at billy but now i m starting to get worried .	listen your friend got himself in a lot of trouble before he quit the school .
he stole his tuition money back .	he practically attacked the colonel s daughter .
and he seemed to be involved in some sort of homosexual men s room scam .	i ve known billy my whole life .
that just doesn t sound like him .	unfortunately there s just some people in this world who act nice but in truth they re not very nice at all .
have some more wine .	and try not to worry so much .
you re right .	the one thing i know about billy is that he s a survivor .
he s probably out on the beach right now partying the night away .	oh sweet savior .
what happened to that billy dude casey came up here with ?	i thought she was all up on his dick .
she is .	it s one of those things any fool can see but them .
and me .	groaning
ok .	that is the last time i take a shit in this can .
oh shit .	screaming
i heard some dude was blowing him in the bathroom last week during that fight we had when the richies kicked our ass .	yeah that was a good fight .
yeah !	what are you guys so happy about ?
you lost .	they beat you like rugs .
maybe we are giant losers .	i mean even casey our muffin girl is dating a richie .
oh billy shmilly .	i love schittville .
salt .	a salted road .
car approaches	here comes the pain .
billyjabbers crash	brandtsy .
so what is this ?	like our . third date ?
so what is this ?	like our .
fifth .	what the fuck is wrong with that nasty looking and smelly motherfucker ?
if you re here for more acupuncture i m all booked up .	listen everybody .
i know we got off on the wrong foot but . five days duct taped into a trashcan . can change a man .	yeah .
five days duct taped into a trashcan . can change a man .	yeah .
can change a man .	yeah .
into garbage .	do you mind ?
would you let the motherfucker finish ?	or else he ain t gonna leave .
thank you .	look .
we can t let the richies do this to us anymore .	i admit when i first got here i was a jerk .
i was trying to be someone that i m not .	and i was wrong .
yeah something most of us learned in the fourth grade but please go on .	well i learned a couple of things and i wanna share em with you .
first is that a human being can live off the lickings of a garbage can for five . long . days .	another thing we learned in the fourth grade .
long . days .	another thing we learned in the fourth grade .
days .	another thing we learned in the fourth grade .
how about this ?	we don t have to kowtow to the richies anymore .
question .	kowtow ?
goddamn they re stupid motherfuckers .	get pushed around idiot .
oh !	like the richies do to us .
kowtow !	wait a minute .
we hate kowtowing .	yeah !
i il cut the next bitch that kowtows me .	the point is we need to take back what belongs to schittville .
and our honor and our dignity .	honor and dignity ?
that s some pretty redundant shit for five days work .	poopy pants is right .
we need to take back our shit including casey our muffin girl unless brandt von hoffman s kowtowing her right now .	can you use it like that ?
i think you can .	whoa .
wait wait .	casey is kowtowing brandt ?
why don t you take me back to my place so we can fuck like wild dogs ?	i can put both my feet behind my head .
check !	but i do have to go put a stop to that right now .
you might want to wash the crap out of your pants first dear .	she got a helluva an idea mr. honor and dignity .
ok .	but i still have a good hunk of speech left .
we can t wait to hear it !	ok .
goddamn !	can somebody crack the window ?
not you danny you blind son of a bitch .	case ?
casey ?	oh thank god .
soft music	oh god .
giggles	whoo !
ok i can t do this .	what ?
i m already wearing a rubber .	the colonel says always wear a rubber .
i mean our going out was a really big mistake .	i like somebody else .
that s why i moved here in the first place .	what am i supposed to do with this wood ?
build a coffee table ?	ok .
you re not swaying me much .	i have to ask you to leave .
not until i get what i came for .	groans
billy !	i believe the lady said .
wow .	what page of national geographic did he pop off of ?
i don t know .	but i have a feeling you have a lot to do with this .
now if you don t leave right now i m gonna .	ohh !
actually yeah you are .	bye bye .
here .	give this to your boyfriend .
he can wear it as a wet suit .	casey gasps
he threw a rubber on my face didn t he ?	yeah .
let me get it for you .	sorry if i ruined your date .
you did .	but not for the reasons you think .
groans	j. p. hm ?
slurps	can i buy you a drink ?
oh yeah oh yeah .	but uh .
i don t have to follow you to your car ?	no !
jesus !	i wasn t with a guy .
i was with the .	colonel s daughter .
i feel .	i feel terrible .
i screwed everybody over and .	i acted like an asshole .
let me tell you something .	a man who can t see that he s acting like a asshole there s a real asshole .
but a man who can admit it that man s all right in my book .	i wrote a book you know .
give it a skim .	it s a big . font .
give it a skim .	it s a big .
thank you very much .	i talk all about the kennedys jimmy hoffa . space aliens .
thank you very much .	i talk all about the kennedys jimmy hoffa .
that bullshit moon landing .	we never go to no fucking moon .
i bought the commemorative plate for nothing .	i got a whole chapter on the president and his pretty ass wife having dinner with osama bin laden on nine one two .
it s some heavy shit .	hey back me up on this .
i taught jim morrison .	how to boogie woogie one ski in one nine eight nine .
i m talking heavy shit .	he taught john lennon how to be ironic .
there s some shit about area five one .	keep it to yourself .
i ve been to area five eight .	it s sort of a rest area .
and here s one just between the two of us .	kurt cobain killed that crazy bitch courtney love cut off his own dick bought him some titties and he s courtney love .
that s her in his grave .	dig her up and find out .
william ?	are you all right son ?
j. p.	mm hm ?
aren t you drunk ?	i ve never been drunk a day in my life .
i ve been waiting for you boy .	and no more bullshit between us now .
i ve seen what you can do up on that mountain .	you are the finest natural born snowboarder .
i have ever seen in my life .	now what you got to do is get the respect of this town and you are not going to do that by walking in with a load of crap in your pants and some dumb ass speech .
how do i get the respect of the town ?	only two men have ever ridden the goat and lived .
well then at least you il make the board .	yeah baby .
yeah baby .	hey guys .
that fuckshit wagstaff he s not as dead as we d hoped .	and here is the kicker .
the goat he is going to ride now .	let s go .
ja .	but i thought we were gonna have sex .
who wants sex when you can watch wagstiff trying to kill himself riding the goat ?	no brainer .
let s go watch that bastard break his neck .	hey you guys .
you re not gonna believe this .	i just heard billy wagstaff is skiing the goat .
look .	the goat ?
tog ruy ogta ?	what the hell does that mean ?
tog ruy ?	aaagh !
go go billy .	go go !
cheering	the last ride by evan olson
you il never see the other side of goat s hump .	die you sucker .
oh fuck !	the last ride continues
oh shit .	horn
i can t believe that bastard wagstiff boarded the goat .	sven maybe one of us should ski the goat .
yeah .	brandt should do it .
he s the team captain .	no way .
nootnik you do it .	sven it is your idea .
you do it .	no .
no !	make hans do it .
why me ?	make schlomo do it .
schlomo can t do it .	you must do it .
no you do it .	no you do it .
you do it hans .	no you do it .
no you do it .	you do it .
all you do it .	doesn t anyone want to do me ?
all you do it .	here s to billy who the man wagstaff who boarded the goat and gave us poories a hero .
we love you brah .	cheering
billy billy .	now would be the right time for that speech which is funny yet motivates us to become better people .
all yeah !	yes thank you j. p.
wow .	i guess i d just like to say that when i was trapped in the trash the one thing that kept me going was knowing that all of schittville was out there looking for me .
yeah .	huh .
yeah .	i did learn what i valued most in life and that is friends . freedom . and of course food and air .
yeah .	i did learn what i valued most in life and that is friends . freedom .
yeah .	i did learn what i valued most in life and that is friends .
and the right to board where we want to board .	all yeah .
right on brother .	damn this is some speech .
billy so let s raise a glass you guys .	to a new era on pine mountain .
and let s end this ridiculous distinction between richies and poories and let s make this a place where every single person is welcome and accepted .	all yeah .
and get those assholes outta here .	they put me in a garbage can and left me to die .
i wanna talk to you wagstaff .	your days on the mountain are over old man .
billy boarded the goat .	you know the rules .
i know the law of the mountain .	i know that any team can challenge any other team to a chinese downhill no holds barred race to the bottom for total domination of pine mountain and i say you poories haven t got the guts .
hell yeah .	all yeah .
all right gentlemen .	listen up .
step up and grab a piece of insurance .	ja !
laughter	but colonel why do we need the medieval weapons or clubs of death ?
because we re not taking a chance .	he just explained this you stupid australian .
but i am hungarian .	well if you re so hungry eat me .
laughter	ja !
ja !	manic laughter
all right the winners rule the mountain .	the losers . don t rule the mountain .
all right the winners rule the mountain .	the losers .
you just said the same damn thing twice you redundant talking big truck driving one ski boogie woogie idea stealing ho raising dumb signposting motherfucker .	all yeah !
why don t you have another beer you adjective throwing	will smith loving lie telling big book writing that ain t nobody ever gonna read idiot ?
all yeah !	there s some heavy shit in there .
you really ought to give it a skim .	look i think we all knowwhat s at stake and that j. p. wrote a book with some very heavy shit in it .
now please can we just race ?	who s gonna say go brah ?
who s not boarding ?	gee i wonder who everybody s looking at .
come on honey .	this way .
i know you hate me billy but really good luck .	thank you winter .
brandt you can watch my butt .	come on .
hang on to your jewels .	hey j. p.
you re sure easy to see in the show .	kiss my black ass you crazy white devil .
yells	look who it is billy s little slut girlfriend .
i hate you .	screaming
screams	you fucking bitch !
whoo !	whoo !
whoo !	cheering
damn you wagstaff .	you know i love you don t you ?
yeah .	yeah ?
naomi what i m asking you is . if you d be my seeing eye wife .	yes danny .
if you d be my seeing eye wife .	yes danny .
danny honey you re kissing a dead beaver .	i don t care .
i love you anyway .	that beaver s not dead .
that is one lucky no seeing beaver licking	naomi hugging son of a gun .
hey brahs the colonel winter and the richies are here .	this is a private party you no contest winning motherfuckers .
but that fine daughter of yours she can stay .	but you other tight ass bitches get the fuck out of here .
actually we re just here to say goodbye because you poories have ruined snowboarding for us .	so we re taking our olympic skills elsewhere because i ve invented a new sport .
it s called one board boatless water skiing .	that s surfing motherfucker .
africans invented that shit trying to get off your goddamn slave ships by hanging on to pieces of driftwood headed for the motherland .	it s in the book fool .
give it a skim .	oh skim that book high and hard supertan .
laughter	you know i think the important thing is here that you re leaving .
no billy .	the important thing is .
this is leaving ok ?	wrap it up .
and you poorie chicks are gonna be missing out on this .	oh who are we fooling ?
we poories should be fighting with the richies .	it s what we do .
whoa whoa whoa whoa !	stop you guys .
why do the richies and poories always have to be fighting each other ?	why can t we just make schittville the example for the whole world ?
all right gentlemen .	greener pastures .
hold on one second guys .	you re lucky we re leaving wagstiff .
if we weren t i don t think it would be too long before little casey here starts begging for a piece of what s in this package .	yelling
goddamn some more heavy shit for my book .	give it a skim .
man roll cameras .	cue marker .
hey brandt .	laughter
i m counting on you to hold me there boss .	man keep rolling .
that fucking hurt my leg .	man still rolling ?
man two still rolling .	man great .
thank you .	do it two times .
laughter	marker .
naomi laughs oh god !	that beaver s not dead .
naomi what happened to my chair ?	yes i just hurt my ass .
oh my god .	laughs
what the fuck is wrong with that nasty smelling and looking motherfucker ?	naomi laughs sorry .
it s billy wagstaff .	what the fuck is wrong with that nasty looking and smelly motherfucker ?
but i got a really good hunk of speech left .	j. p. what was that ?
man i like nazi fag . good line .	blow me .
good line .	blow me .
hot stuff .	i bet i could hear that if i tried and maybe a little labia flapping kind of action .
i mean you know i felt her face .	she s a good looking girl and you know come to think of it
i wouldn t mind putting my mouth right . if i could get a mouthful of that camel toe .	all that about labias flapping and camel toeing and shit .
if i could get a mouthful of that camel toe .	all that about labias flapping and camel toeing and shit .
white people .	you wouldn t know anything about that would you .
colonel ?	hey kate .
listen i m not an educated man and i wouldn t know strasberg from stanislavski but i thought that was a little on the indicate y side .	hey kate .
if overacting was sexy i d be hard as a fucking rock right now .	hey kate .
william shatner just called .	he wants his acting style back .
oh god forgive me .	what do you know ?
i m going directly to hell .	well there you go boys .
it s all true what they told you .	laughter fall by scott miller
damn look at the bucket of junk sticking out of those pants .	applause thank you thank you .
good to see you .	i love you .
good to see you .	good .
doggone doggone .	you really really really know how to make a fella feel welcome .
and as i scan the crowd here i see a few new faces .	and if any of you don t know me
i am jack schitt . the third .	we love you jack !
the third .	we love you jack !
i love you too man !	somebody get a video camera .
a what ?	oh yeah .
i guess we re just gonna have to use our rememberers .	your rememberers ?
oh lord .	we truly are in the town that time forgot .
they say his house is so opulent he has his own driveway .	i would too if i made jack schitt money .
now very rarely do i get a chance to interface with the youth of the community .	i thought this was a prime opportunity .
the first nugget of wisdom i need to share with you is to stay off the doggone drugs .	even pot ?
oh no no no .	pot s ok .
what about cocaine ?	no no no .
i got no problem with cocaine .	i mean as a matter of fact
i ve been known to do a bump or two in the morning to get me out of bed .	i am talkin the hard drugs .
ecstasy ?	ecstasy . is a tool .
ecstasy ?	ecstasy .
it s not a drug .	as a matter of fact i got a belly full of it right now !
now drugs is just a minor part of the problem .	the big thing i want you to remember for the love of mike is to stay in school .
i m three one .	school s not really an option for me .
jack schitt is a straight shooter .	and if you re over three zero and you re havin trouble with the readin and writin
i m not gonna tell you that s a plus .	mr. schitt is anything about us a plus ?
i il see y all at the schittville holiday parade .	thank you very much !
thank you !	cheers applause
love you .	i love you man .
i love you !	i love you .
man they sure could use a man like that in washington .	that big talkin corny dressin out of style bolo tie wearin motherfucker .
mr. bond mr. bond i m so glad i caught you .	your office called .
they re sending a helicopter to pick you up .	some sort of emergency .
it usually is .	thank you .
good afternoon mr. bond .	don t concern yourself with the pilot .
one of my less useful people .	you are now flying remote control airways .
think twice zero zero seven .	it s a long way down .
i ve looked forward to this moment mr. bond .	i intend to enjoy it to the full .
really have you no respect for the dead ?	good bye mr. bond .
i trust you had a pleasant . fright .	you are fading from my picture mr. bond .
fright .	you are fading from my picture mr. bond .
but the end cannot be far away .	mr. bond !
mr. bond !	we can do a deal !
i il buy you a delicatessen in stainless steel .	please !
all right keep your hair on .	put me down !
put me down !	oh you want to get off ?
mr. bond !	for your eyes only
can see me through the night	for your eyes only
i never need to hide	you can see so much in me
so much in me that s new	i never felt till i looked at you
for your eyes only	only for you
for your eyes only	only for you
the love i know you need in me	the fantasy you freed in me
only for you	for your eyes only
the nights are never cold	you really know me
because i know you re mine	but you won t need to read between the lines
for your eyes only	only for you
you il see what no one else can see cause now i m breakin free	for your eyes only
only for you	the passions that collide in me
the wild abandoned side of me	only for you
for your eyes only	afternoon .
how s it looking topside ?	beautiful day .
just bringing the nets in .	fish for supper again .
decode of russian satellite data sir on british and american ship positions .	verify and advise admiralty .
yes sir .	afternoon sir .
oh hello mac .	my watch .
where the hell did that come from ?	what the devil s going on here ?
an unidentified object closing fast .	destruct atac system .
yes ?	first sea lord and vice admiral sir .
send them in .	shocking news minister .
i m afraid we ve lost our electronic surveillance ship the st. georges .	we had a routine message at one six zero zero hours yesterday . then nothing .
i m afraid we ve lost our electronic surveillance ship the st. georges .	we had a routine message at one six zero zero hours yesterday .
we sighted floating debris this morning .	my god jack .
yes comrade secretary .	off albania .
the suspected british spy ship which we have been monitoring .	it suggests that there is a chance of obtaining . the atac transmitter .
the suspected british spy ship which we have been monitoring .	it suggests that there is a chance of obtaining .
oh of course comrade .	there will be no direct involvement . but if it comes on the market we should not lose . such a remarkable opportunity .
oh of course comrade .	there will be no direct involvement . but if it comes on the market we should not lose .
oh of course comrade .	there will be no direct involvement .
with that in mind i ve already contacted our usual friend in greece .	down you go .
go on .	down you go .
give us a kiss .	give us a kiss .
i il give you a nut .	here you are .
go on .	come on .
your packages senorita .	oh thank you .
melina !	thank you darling .
hello daddy .	welcome home melina my darling .
you look beautiful .	thank you .
your call from athens was such a pleasant surprise .	i was lucky to find you .
you left crete so suddenly .	ah yes i wanted to come back here and start work on the temple again .
you between jobs ?	only for a few days .
i il lend a hand if you want .	darling it s beautiful .
thank you .	that s for you and pistachios for max .
james .	moneypenny a feast for my eyes .
what about the rest of you ?	well i was going to get around to that .
you d better go in .	m s on leave . and the minister s arrived here with the chief of staff . and wants to see you immediately .
you d better go in .	m s on leave . and the minister s arrived here with the chief of staff .
you d better go in .	m s on leave .
i il be right back .	i can hardly wait .
oh haven t you forgotten something ?	oh .
well as m s away	ah there you are zero zero seven .
minister chief of staff .	are you aware of our atac system zero zero seven ?
atac sir ?	automatic targeting attack communicator .
uses an ultra low frequency coded transmitter . to order our submarines to launch ballistic missiles .	five days ago our spy ship st. georges was sunk . in the lonian sea .
uses an ultra low frequency coded transmitter . to order our submarines to launch ballistic missiles .	five days ago our spy ship st. georges was sunk .
to order our submarines to launch ballistic missiles .	five days ago our spy ship st. georges was sunk . in the lonian sea .
to order our submarines to launch ballistic missiles .	five days ago our spy ship st. georges was sunk .
she was equipped with atac .	now if that transmitter were to fall into the wrong hands . it would render our entire polaris fleet useless .
she was equipped with atac .	now if that transmitter were to fall into the wrong hands .
every order could be countermanded .	worse .
our own submarines could be ordered to attack our own cities .	have we begun a salvage operation minister ?
an official operation was out of the question .	the st. georges was off the albanian coast .
we asked sir timothy havelock . the marine archaeologist to secretly locate the wreck .	before he could send in his report he and his wife were killed . by a cuban hit man hector gonzales .
we asked sir timothy havelock . the marine archaeologist to secretly locate the wreck .	before he could send in his report he and his wife were killed .
the marine archaeologist to secretly locate the wreck .	before he could send in his report he and his wife were killed . by a cuban hit man hector gonzales .
the marine archaeologist to secretly locate the wreck .	before he could send in his report he and his wife were killed .
the greek police were able to identify gonzales . from a description given to them by melina sir havelock s daughter .	operation undertow .
from a description given to them by melina sir havelock s daughter .	operation undertow .
the information s all here .	now gonzales is at a villa near madrid .
isolate him and apply the necessary pressure . to find out who hired him .	a walther ppk . standard issue british secret service .
isolate him and apply the necessary pressure . to find out who hired him .	a walther ppk .
to find out who hired him .	a walther ppk . standard issue british secret service .
to find out who hired him .	a walther ppk .
license to kill .	or be killed .
take him away .	whoever you are you ve outstayed your welcome .
come on .	well i hope you have a car .
this way .	hurry .
who are you ?	he killed my parents .
how did you know where gonzales was ?	through a detective agency .
excuse me .	take the low road .
not that low .	you don t mind if i drive do you ?
go backwards .	forwards .
quickly .	i love a drive in the country don t you ?
hold tight .	oh by the way we haven t been properly introduced melina .
my name is bond james bond .	olympic has a flight at one one zero zero .
it should be safe to go to the airport now .	are you all right ?
i m fine really .	are you going back to your father s ship ?
yes i m continuing his work but this business is still unfinished .	what business ?
the man who paid gonzales .	the chinese have a saying
before setting out on revenge you first dig two graves .	i don t expect you to understand .
you re english but i m half greek .	and greek women like electra . always avenge their loved ones .
you re english but i m half greek .	and greek women like electra .
i must go .	you were meant to question gonzales not let miss havelock perforate him .
i quite agree sir .	we il have to tell the prime minister operation undertow is dead in the water .
she il have our guts for garters .	if you care to look again . at page two paragraph four of my report sir . you will note that i saw someone paying off gonzales .
she il have our guts for garters .	if you care to look again . at page two paragraph four of my report sir .
she il have our guts for garters .	if you care to look again .
now assuming that that was for havelock s murder . then there s still a glimmer of hope .	i don t follow .
then there s still a glimmer of hope .	i don t follow .
if we could identify that someone	why don t you try the identigraph ?
yes sir .	get cracking zero zero seven .
minister .	hello q.
smithers how s the arm ?	coming along very nicely thank you sir .
oh that il come in handy .	what are you doing here zero zero seven ?
identigraph q.	this way .
stinging in the rain ?	that s not funny zero zero seven .
i see you managed to get the lotus back together again .	i disregard these jibes about our equipment zero zero seven .
i don t suppose you find it funny in the field .	indeed i don t .
this three d visual ldentigraph is still in the experimental stage .	now once we get a composite of the man . we can find a match by patching into the photographic files . of the surety lnterpol cla the mossad .
this three d visual ldentigraph is still in the experimental stage .	now once we get a composite of the man . we can find a match by patching into the photographic files .
this three d visual ldentigraph is still in the experimental stage .	now once we get a composite of the man .
and the west german police .	you ve told me so already five times .
thank you zero zero seven .	right .
now describe the person you wish to identify . and i il program the information .	male caucasian late thirties .
and i il program the information .	male caucasian late thirties .
hair fine light brown .	that s it .
parted in the middle .	wait a minute .
right .	eyes .
a little smaller .	uh huh .
blue .	a little grayer .
that s it .	you have it .
now nose .	a nose not a banana q.
i m sorry .	stop .
lips fuller .	mm hmm .
oops .	no no mouth wider .
good .	thank you .
thank you sharon .	you can go .
i il lock up .	okay .
i reckon we re almost there q apart from glasses .	steel rimmed .
yeah .	octagonal .
octagonal .	that s him .
that s our man .	right .
i il try and get a match .	yes .
the man we want is emile leopold locque . an enforcer in the brussels underworld .	he s been convicted of several . particularly brutal murders .
the man we want is emile leopold locque . an enforcer in the brussels underworld .	he s been convicted of several .
an enforcer in the brussels underworld .	he s been convicted of several . particularly brutal murders .
an enforcer in the brussels underworld .	he s been convicted of several .
he escaped from namur prison . by strangling his psychiatrist .	he has worked for drug syndicates in marseilles and hong kong .
by strangling his psychiatrist .	he has worked for drug syndicates in marseilles and hong kong .
now reported working for greek smugglers .	the ltalian secret service think that he is at this moment in cortina .
i il instruct ferrara our man in northern ltaly to contact you there .	yes sir .
and zero zero seven try not to muck it up again .	i il do my best sir .
i il leave you to lock up .	let me out will you ?
the snow this year is better at lnnsbruck .	but not at st. moritz .
ferrara .	bond .
james .	luigi .
i presume london has briefed you .	if locque s in cortina we il find him .
i have a reliable greek contact here an anglophile .	he helped us out last year on a smuggling operation .
what s he doing in cortina ?	he
spends a few months a year here at his chalet .	he s in shipping insurance oil exploration .
knows everything going on .	very reliable .
the british gave him the king s medal for resistance fighting during the war .	yes but can i meet him ?
i ve set it up .	he is waiting for us at the olympic ice rink .
kristatos .	ari kristatos .
bond .	james bond .
would you care to join me in some gluhwein ?	that s a very good idea .
thank you .	well gentlemen how can i help you ?
we d like some information .	my protege .
a sure winner . in the next olympics .	she s completely absorbed in her skating . but innocent in the ways of the world .
a sure winner . in the next olympics .	she s completely absorbed in her skating .
in the next olympics .	she s completely absorbed in her skating . but innocent in the ways of the world .
in the next olympics .	she s completely absorbed in her skating .
the day she wins the gold medal . will be the greatest in my life .	bibi here are some new admirers for you .
will be the greatest in my life .	bibi here are some new admirers for you .
mr. bond mr. ferrara bibi dahl . and her coach jacoba brink once a world class skater herself .	i ve seen miss brink skate .
and her coach jacoba brink once a world class skater herself .	i ve seen miss brink skate .
i think the world will soon be seeing a great deal of your skating too .	only if she works harder .
much harder .	oh uncle ari .
that s for miss brink to decide .	come bibi another half hour of practice .
uncle ari will you take me to the biathlon ?	bibi you know i have to work this afternoon .
bibi wants to know if you would escort her mr. bond .	i don t think i would feel better . if there were someone with her .
bibi wants to know if you would escort her mr. bond .	i don t think i would feel better .
great !	how can i help ?
do you know this man ?	yes .
locque .	columbo s right hand .
milos columbo .	his name came up in connection . with a smuggling operation last year .
milos columbo .	his name came up in connection .
that s the least of his offenses .	drugs white slavery contract murder .
in the greek underworld he in known as the dove .	a very sick joke .
where is this dove ?	somewhere in greece i would guess .
once we were like brothers .	now he hates me .
we fought together in the greek resistance . then against the communists .	after that he took a different path .
then against the communists .	after that he took a different path .
thank you for your time mr. kristatos .	my pleasure .
i leave for corfu soon .	if i get any more information i will call ferrara .
what do you think luigi ?	does this dove columbo . have the resources to mount a salvage operation ?
what do you think luigi ?	does this dove columbo .
oh definitely .	he runs a fleet of intercoastal freighters in the aegean .
i il ring my office in milano .	they may have more on him .
i il see you later .	okay .
is this the one you mean ?	thank you .
i il take it .	deliver it to the hotel cristalo .
i beg your pardon .	may i help you ?
yes give me a dozen lilies .	will you ?
i il pick them up later .	come on quickly .
send them to the funeral will you ?	slow down .
would you mind telling me what the devil you re doing in cortina ?	your telegram .
what telegram ?	it said you found the man and to meet you here today .
i didn t send it .	now get in .
the station please .	are we leaving ?
not we . you .	and now .
you .	and now .
you don t tell me what to do .	did you find the man who hired gonzales ?
i m working on it .	he s here isn t he ?
that s why you re here .	driver stop !
so you can put an arrow in his back ?	you do that and we il never find out who or what is behind all this .
it was my parents they killed not yours .	let me out .
driver stop !	melina look at me .
you were lucky once but they are onto you now .	the telegram the motorcycles back there .
they prove it .	let me handle this .
you ?	how are you involved ?
all i can tell you is it s something of vital interest to both our countries .	more important than my parents ?
your father was part of it .	he thought it important enough to risk his life .
now melina please trust me .	go back to the triaina and wait .
let me find out what i can here then i il come straight to corfu .	i promise you .
okay .	i il go back and wait but not for long .
it won t be i swear .	don t they have showers at the ice rink ?
how did you get in here ?	one of the porters is a fan .
that s a laugh .	everybody knows it builds up muscle tone .
how about building up a little more muscle tone by putting on your clothes ?	don t you like me ?
i think you re wonderful bibi . but i don t think your uncle ari would approve .	him ?
but i don t think your uncle ari would approve .	him ?
he thinks i m still a virgin .	yes well you get your clothes on and i il buy you an ice cream .
shall we ?	don t you ever come up for air ?
that s why i il get the gold medal breath control .	yes well you can t lose .
and now erich kriegler .	iast year s east european champion .
there s erich kriegler .	the east german champion ?
isn t he beautiful ?	you know something bibi ?
you re fickle .	hey erich !
come on let s go watch him shoot .	we il have a drink at the finish .
well bibi i m afraid i have to leave you .	no james stay with me .
i have an appointment .	will you come and say good bye to me at the practice rink later ?
please james we re going back to greece soon .	all right but if i can t make it . all i can say is don t grow up any more .
please james we re going back to greece soon .	all right but if i can t make it .
huh ?	the opposite sex won t survive it .
won t take long .	don t play with any of the switches .
right .	what took you so long ?
i took the scenic route .	tell me more about your boyfriend erich kriegler .
he doesn t smoke he only eats health foods and he won t even talk to girls .	james you re jealous .
of course .	what else can you tell me about my rival for your affections ?
they say he s a defector from east germany .	it is time for your rubdown .
i could eat you up alive .	farewell mr. bond but not good bye .
i il be finished around six zero zero .	meet me here .
how did you know i was here ?	i radio telephoned the triaina and they told me you were coming ashore .
i have to go shopping for the crew .	come with me we can talk .
why not ?	thank you .
i think you may need that .	my father loved the view from here .
i can see why .	we came here often .
is corfu your home ?	no .
my real home s always been the triaina the greek islands .	turkey north africa wherever my father s work took us .
did he leave any notes ?	they could help us .
no i don t think so .	to tell you the truth .
i haven t had the courage to go into his study since .	try not to think about it now .
i m meeting a man tonight at the casino who may give us a lead .	you re perspiring bunky .
contessa .	five zero zero zero zero zero .
only half ?	where s your courage bunky ?
courage is no match for an unfriendly shoe countess .	bravo bunky .
lucky night .	the odds favor standing pat .
if you play the odds .	would you cash these in for me please ?
thank you .	excuse me .
aperitif please ?	ouzo for me please .
and a whiskey .	and to eat ?
i il have the prawns salad and bourdetto .	an excellent choice .
i il have the same .	may i suggest a white wine from my home place ?
if you il forgive me that s a little too scented for my palate .	i prefer the theotaki aspro .
after our last meeting i am asking myself . why you want to know about locque columbo s man .	i know columbo runs heroin to be refined here . before it s sent to england .
after our last meeting i am asking myself . why you want to know about locque columbo s man .	i know columbo runs heroin to be refined here .
why you want to know about locque columbo s man .	i know columbo runs heroin to be refined here . before it s sent to england .
why you want to know about locque columbo s man .	i know columbo runs heroin to be refined here .
so i think i see the answer .	you re from the british narcotics board .
am i right ?	go on .
i wish you luck my friend .	but i must warn you stopping columbo will be difficult .
he has important connections .	you cannot just arrest him .
find some different way .	you may have to kill him .
does this discourage you ?	just tell me where he is .
over there .	with the woman in blue .
we ignore each other but i wanted you to see him .	he is a secret partner in this casino .
but we are perfectly safe .	he will do nothing in his own place .
and the countess ?	lisl an austrian .
expensive mistress .	she sometimes shills for the house .
she bets with other people s money .	but i must warn you stopping columbo will be difficult .
he has important connections .	you cannot just arrest him .
you must find a different way .	you may have to kill him .
does this discourage you ?	just tell me where he is .
you are a disgusting man .	how dare you talk to me like that ?
i will speak to you any way i please .	sit down .
you re making a spectacle of yourself .	get out !
nothing would please me more .	this may be an opportunity .
this may be a trap .	if you play the odds .
as you wish .	take my car .
i il play a little chemin .	ask the chauffeur to come back for me .
allow me .	may i drive you home ?
no thank you .	i il take a taxi .
no courage ?	seriously you may have a job finding one .
well you look like a gentleman .	why not ?
i am the countess lisl von schlaf .	my name is bond .
i m writing a novel about greek smugglers .	know any ?
smugglers ?	how would i know any smugglers ?
i would think that a lady in your position . would get to know many things .	i d be most grateful .
would get to know many things .	i d be most grateful .
how grateful ?	very .
i adore grateful men .	may i call you tomorrow countess ?
i m a night person .	i have champagne and oysters in the fridge .
why not come in for a bite ?	i won t need you anymore tonight .
cheers .	bottoms up .
whoops !	me nightie s slipping .
so is your accent countess .	manchester ?
close .	liverpool .
it was an amusing performance . between you and the owner of this .	what exactly did columbo whisper to you ?
between you and the owner of this .	what exactly did columbo whisper to you ?
that you re a spy .	to find out more about you .
and have you ?	have i ever .
when you re ready to leave you can take my car .	that sounds like a dismissal .
i was looking forward to breakfast .	lisl come back !
get in ooh !	goodbye countess .
what	what should i do with you ?
you cannot just arrest him .	you must find a different way .
you may have to kill him .	does this discourage you ?
huh ?	just tell me where he is .
i m here mr. bond of the british secret service .	but i il tell you . it is kristatos you want not me .
i m here mr. bond of the british secret service .	but i il tell you .
he told you about himself .	he s the one with the powerful connections .
locque works for him not for me .	i smuggle yes .
i smuggle gold diamonds . cigarettes pistachio nuts . but no heroin .	sit down .
cigarettes pistachio nuts . but no heroin .	sit down .
but no heroin .	sit down .
that i leave to him . when he is not too busy working for russia . against my country and yours .	my country awarded him the king s medal .
when he is not too busy working for russia . against my country and yours .	my country awarded him the king s medal .
against my country and yours .	my country awarded him the king s medal .
yes i know .	but other people died for it .
during the fighting in crete he was a double agent .	king s medal .
i would laugh if my heart was not so heavy . about my poor lisl .	what does kristatos gain by setting you up ?
about my poor lisl .	what does kristatos gain by setting you up ?
well i know too much about him .	he wants me out of the way .
by using a british agent to do his dirty work for him . your government might give him another medal .	why should i believe you ?
your government might give him another medal .	why should i believe you ?
i il prove it to you tonight .	we il go together to his warehouse . in albania okay ?
i il prove it to you tonight .	we il go together to his warehouse .
if i don t report in by morning . not only my people but the entire greek police will be down on you .	iike a load of bricks .
not only my people but the entire greek police will be down on you .	iike a load of bricks .
don t worry .	by tomorrow we il be good friends .
let us drink to that .	i il wait till tomorrow .
mr. bond you have what the greeks call tha ros .	guts .
so have you mr. columbo .	cheers .
santos drug store .	watch it .
j. i. m. diving equipment . for salvage work at depths of over three zero zero feet .	raw opium .
for salvage work at depths of over three zero zero feet .	raw opium .
an old smuggler s trick .	kristatos knows them all .
get your men out of here .	now .
you left this with ferrara i believe .	had no head for heights .
where did the st. georges sink ?	we can t be sure for certain .
we know it was in this vicinity .	your father was using the temple as a front .
kristatos killed your father . so he wouldn t find the st. georges before he did .	kristatos .
so he wouldn t find the st. georges before he did .	kristatos .
how can i help ?	where does your father keep his daily log ?
daily log .	father and he were pals for three zero years .
he repeats everything .	give us a kiss .
what s his name ?	max .
thank you .	hello .
it s all shorthand .	he used a special kind .
only i could decipher it .	he made several surveys in neptune .
what s neptune ?	our two man submarine .
he saw a diving bell here .	diving bell ?
oil exploration .	kristatos .
three days later he sighted a wreck in the same area .	and ?
that was his last entry .	the day he was killed .
air would be useless at this depth .	we need a mixture of oxygen and helium .
i have the necessary equipment .	the less people that know the better .
i il give the crew shore leave except for the mate and two others .	let s go .
five eight four feet .	an oxygen helium mix will give us eight minutes .
we il have to work fast .	wouldn t the crew have destroyed the transmitter ?
only if they d had the chance to set the explosive timer .	we have a visitor below .
conserve your gas supply .	speak only when necessary .
i hope he was dining alone .	go back to the sub .
that should be the command cabin .	eureka !
main destruct timer . under lever right of atac housing dualled . by ring main circuit through anti handling charger .	the destruct timer s set at one minute .
under lever right of atac housing dualled . by ring main circuit through anti handling charger .	the destruct timer s set at one minute .
by ring main circuit through anti handling charger .	the destruct timer s set at one minute .
for some reason the lever wasn t pulled .	the transmitter with a thermite charge .
hold these .	to bypass trembler switch . cut wires in following procedure .
hold these .	to bypass trembler switch .
cutters .	screwdriver .
that s it .	let s get out of here .
james help !	james i won t make it .
we both will .	get to the sub .
i il stall him .	try and close the co two .
i m trying .	careful james .
it s five zero zero zero years old .	thank you mr. bond .
you have saved us the trouble of disarming it .	apostis take that .
where are my men ?	you will be joining them .
let the girl go .	we il double whatever you re getting .
i never go back on a deal .	it would be bad for my reputation .
i will deliver it and return with the money .	the voice of the kgb .
our agreement was that i designate the meeting place .	after they pay i will give them the transmitter .
it must not be let out of your sight .	nor mine .
where are we going ?	we will take the atac to st. cyril s .
st. cyril s .	i il arrange the pickup .
bind that wound .	we don t want blood in the water yet .
murderer .	you have shot your last bolt miss havelock .
leave their legs free .	they il make appetizing bait .
i didn t think it would end like this .	we re not dead yet .
hold tight .	turn around .
we go again .	take a deep breath .
again .	hurry .
help !	aw leave him .
turn .	run them down .
follow me .	ahh .
the sharks have them .	make port .
thank you .	hello .
give us a kiss .	max not now .
kristatos is still alive .	and probably headed to moscow or havana by now .
we il never get him .	or the atac .
atac to st. cyril s .	forgive me father for i have sinned .
that s putting it mildly zero zero seven .	your signal sent whitehall into shock .
so far we have managed to locate . four three nine st. cyril s in greece .	heaven only knows to which one kristatos took the atac .
four three nine st. cyril s in greece .	heaven only knows to which one kristatos took the atac .
i know a well informed person to contact about that q.	st. cyril s where we used to hide from the germans .
only kristatos would make an abandoned monastery his personal retreat .	my friend i ve been studying this place . for just such an occasion .
only kristatos would make an abandoned monastery his personal retreat .	my friend i ve been studying this place .
we il split here huh ?	your best approach is on the right face away from the building .
then you will have to make towards the shed on the left . which houses the basket and the electronic winch .	it can be operated only from the shed .
which houses the basket and the electronic winch .	it can be operated only from the shed .
good luck .	should have brought more people .
james is counting on surprise .	but we are only five men .
and one woman .	eighteen . nineteen . twenty .
and one woman .	eighteen . nineteen .
and one woman .	eighteen .
fifty more .	that s the pits !
i m supposed to be skating in oslo in lnnsbruck .	why are we in this creepy place ?
our plans are changed .	we are going to live in cuba for a few months .
cuba !	you can skate without distractions .
i il be your audience .	what a drag .
i want to win the gold medal .	we all want that .
i know what you want .	but you re too old for me .
i m splitting .	you have poisoned her against me !
don t blow your top ari .	leave her alone .
i will deal with you . as i deal with everyone who betrays me .	bibi . you re so young .
i will deal with you . as i deal with everyone who betrays me .	bibi .
as i deal with everyone who betrays me .	bibi . you re so young .
as i deal with everyone who betrays me .	bibi .
you must have a sponsor .	i il find another one .
go outside and check the guards .	let me know when the helicopter arrives .
one of kristatos killers .	aah !
shut him up .	get the door .
come on george .	let s go .
hurry unless you want me to go without you .	you know i will never leave you .
your general is late .	only bad weather would delay him .
cover the windows .	let s go .
he s all right .	leave him .
he s all right .	back !
okay .	let s go .
i il be with you .	sorry .
cover the door !	where s kristatos ?
and keep your voice down .	we are leaving him .
he mustn t know until we re gone .	we il help you if you help us .
come .	where are the guards ?
that way .	wait here .
move !	where s kristatos ?
the other side of the courtyard .	you better stay here .
what have you done to brink ?	go back to your room !
you can go to hell !	drop it .
where s kristatos ?	he s left with the atac .
you re going to pay for it .	you re not as fast as you used to be .
no melina that s not the answer .	we il turn him over to the greek police .
out of my way james .	all right . but be prepared to dig those two graves .
out of my way james .	all right .
that s detente comrade .	you don t have it .
i don t have it .	it seems as though bibi has a new sponsor .
how s it going ?	i ve patched through . a high security line to the satellite .
how s it going ?	i ve patched through .
we can try bond now .	good .
are you through to number one zero ?	standing by sir .
you know what i d like ?	i can t imagine .
a moonlight swim .	zero zero seven are you there ?
bond are you there ?	for your eyes only darling .
he s there .	patch in the prime minister .
i il get it denis .	hello .
mr. bond on the line prime minister .	ah mr. bond .
i wanted to call you personally to say how pleased . we all are that your mission was a success thank you .	thank you thank you .
we all are that your mission was a success thank you .	thank you thank you .
don t thank me mr. bond .	your courage and resourcefulness . are a credit to the nation .
don t thank me mr. bond .	your courage and resourcefulness .
denis and i look forward to meeting you .	meanwhile if there is anything i can do for you
give us a kiss give us a kiss .	well really mr. bond .
i think we re having a little trouble with the line madam .	you idiot .
get on to him .	zero zero seven .
your office called .	they re sending a helicopter to pick you up .
some sort of emergency .	it usually is .
thank you .	good afternoon mr. bond .
don t concern yourself with the pilot .	one of my less useful people .
you are now flying remote control airways .	think twice zero zero seven .
it s a long way down .	i ve looked forward to this moment mr. bond .
i intend to enjoy it to the full .	really have you no respect for the dead ?
good bye mr. bond .	i trust you had a pleasant . fright .
good bye mr. bond .	i trust you had a pleasant .
you are fading from my picture mr. bond .	but the end cannot be far away .
mr. bond !	mr. bond !
we can do a deal !	i il buy you a delicatessen in stainless steel .
please !	all right keep your hair on .
put me down !	put me down !
oh you want to get off ?	mr. bond !
for your eyes only	can see me through the night
for your eyes only	i never need to hide
you can see so much in me	so much in me that s new
i never felt till i looked at you	for your eyes only
only for you	you il see what no one else can see
now i m breakin free	for your eyes only
only for you	the love i know you need in me
the fantasy you freed in me	only for you
for your eyes only	the nights are never cold
you really know me	that s all i need to know
maybe i m an open book	because i know you re mine
but you won t need to read between the lines	for your eyes only
for your eyes only	only for you
the passions that collide in me	the wild abandoned side of me
only for you	for your eyes only
afternoon .	how s it looking topside ?
beautiful day .	just bringing the nets in .
fish for supper again .	decode of russian satellite data sir on british and american ship positions .
verify and advise admiralty .	yes sir .
afternoon sir .	oh hello mac .
my watch .	where the hell did that come from ?
what the devil s going on here ?	an unidentified object closing fast .
destruct atac system .	yes ?
first sea lord and vice admiral sir .	send them in .
we had a routine message at one six zero zero hours yesterday . then nothing .	we sighted floating debris this morning .
then nothing .	we sighted floating debris this morning .
my god jack .	how deep is the water there ?
not deep enough i m afraid .	yes comrade secretary .
off albania .	the suspected british spy ship which we have been monitoring .
it suggests that there is a chance of obtaining . the atac transmitter .	oh of course comrade .
the atac transmitter .	oh of course comrade .
there will be no direct involvement . but if it comes on the market we should not lose . such a remarkable opportunity .	with that in mind i ve already contacted our usual friend in greece .
but if it comes on the market we should not lose . such a remarkable opportunity .	with that in mind i ve already contacted our usual friend in greece .
such a remarkable opportunity .	with that in mind i ve already contacted our usual friend in greece .
down you go .	go on .
down you go .	give us a kiss .
give us a kiss .	i il give you a nut .
here you are .	go on .
come on .	your packages senorita .
oh thank you .	melina !
thank you darling .	hello daddy .
welcome home melina my darling .	you look beautiful .
thank you .	your call from athens was such a pleasant surprise .
i was lucky to find you .	you left crete so suddenly .
ah yes i wanted to come back here and start work on the temple again .	you between jobs ?
only for a few days .	i il lend a hand if you want .
darling it s beautiful .	thank you .
that s for you and pistachios for max .	james .
moneypenny a feast for my eyes .	what about the rest of you ?
well i was going to get around to that .	you d better go in .
m s on leave . and the minister s arrived here with the chief of staff . and wants to see you immediately .	i il be right back .
and the minister s arrived here with the chief of staff . and wants to see you immediately .	i il be right back .
and wants to see you immediately .	i il be right back .
i can hardly wait .	oh haven t you forgotten something ?
oh .	well as m s away
ah there you are zero zero seven .	minister chief of staff .
are you aware of our atac system zero zero seven ?	atac sir ?
automatic targeting attack communicator .	uses an ultra low frequency coded transmitter . to order our submarines to launch ballistic missiles .
automatic targeting attack communicator .	uses an ultra low frequency coded transmitter .
five days ago our spy ship st. georges was sunk . in the lonian sea .	she was equipped with atac .
in the lonian sea .	she was equipped with atac .
now if that transmitter were to fall into the wrong hands . it would render our entire polaris fleet useless .	every order could be countermanded .
it would render our entire polaris fleet useless .	every order could be countermanded .
worse .	our own submarines could be ordered to attack our own cities .
have we begun a salvage operation minister ?	an official operation was out of the question .
the st. georges was off the albanian coast .	we asked sir timothy havelock . the marine archaeologist to secretly locate the wreck .
the st. georges was off the albanian coast .	we asked sir timothy havelock .
before he could send in his report he and his wife were killed . by a cuban hit man hector gonzales .	the greek police were able to identify gonzales . from a description given to them by melina sir havelock s daughter .
before he could send in his report he and his wife were killed . by a cuban hit man hector gonzales .	the greek police were able to identify gonzales .
by a cuban hit man hector gonzales .	the greek police were able to identify gonzales . from a description given to them by melina sir havelock s daughter .
by a cuban hit man hector gonzales .	the greek police were able to identify gonzales .
operation undertow .	the information s all here .
now gonzales is at a villa near madrid .	isolate him and apply the necessary pressure . to find out who hired him .
now gonzales is at a villa near madrid .	isolate him and apply the necessary pressure .
a walther ppk . standard issue british secret service .	license to kill .
standard issue british secret service .	license to kill .
or be killed .	take him away .
whoever you are you ve outstayed your welcome .	come on .
well i hope you have a car .	this way .
hurry .	who are you ?
he killed my parents .	the havelocks ?
i m sorry .	how did you know where gonzales was ?
through a detective agency .	what were you doing there ?
i m afraid we re being out horsepowered .	excuse me .
take the low road .	not that low .
you don t mind if i drive do you ?	go backwards .
forwards .	quickly .
i love a drive in the country don t you ?	hold tight .
oh by the way we haven t been properly introduced melina .	my name is bond james bond .
olympic has a flight at one one zero zero .	it should be safe to go to the airport now .
what business ?	the man who paid gonzales .
the chinese have a saying	before setting out on revenge you first dig two graves .
and greek women like electra . always avenge their loved ones .	i must go .
always avenge their loved ones .	i must go .
you were meant to question gonzales not let miss havelock perforate him .	i quite agree sir .
we il have to tell the prime minister operation undertow is dead in the water .	she il have our guts for garters .
if you care to look again . at page two paragraph four of my report sir . you will note that i saw someone paying off gonzales .	now assuming that that was for havelock s murder . then there s still a glimmer of hope .
if you care to look again . at page two paragraph four of my report sir . you will note that i saw someone paying off gonzales .	now assuming that that was for havelock s murder .
at page two paragraph four of my report sir . you will note that i saw someone paying off gonzales .	now assuming that that was for havelock s murder . then there s still a glimmer of hope .
at page two paragraph four of my report sir . you will note that i saw someone paying off gonzales .	now assuming that that was for havelock s murder .
you will note that i saw someone paying off gonzales .	now assuming that that was for havelock s murder . then there s still a glimmer of hope .
you will note that i saw someone paying off gonzales .	now assuming that that was for havelock s murder .
i don t follow .	if we could identify that someone
why don t you try the identigraph ?	yes sir .
get cracking zero zero seven .	minister .
hello q.	smithers how s the arm ?
coming along very nicely thank you sir .	oh that il come in handy .
what are you doing here zero zero seven ?	identigraph q.
this way .	stinging in the rain ?
that s not funny zero zero seven .	i see you managed to get the lotus back together again .
i disregard these jibes about our equipment zero zero seven .	i don t suppose you find it funny in the field .
indeed i don t .	this three d visual ldentigraph is still in the experimental stage .
now once we get a composite of the man . we can find a match by patching into the photographic files . of the surety lnterpol cla the mossad .	and the west german police .
we can find a match by patching into the photographic files . of the surety lnterpol cla the mossad .	and the west german police .
of the surety lnterpol cla the mossad .	and the west german police .
you ve told me so already five times .	thank you zero zero seven .
right .	now describe the person you wish to identify . and i il program the information .
right .	now describe the person you wish to identify .
male caucasian late thirties .	hair fine light brown .
that s it .	parted in the middle .
wait a minute .	right .
eyes .	a little smaller .
uh huh .	blue .
a little grayer .	that s it .
you have it .	now nose .
stop .	lips fuller .
mm hmm .	oops .
no no mouth wider .	good .
thank you .	thank you sharon .
you can go .	i il lock up .
okay .	i reckon we re almost there q apart from glasses .
steel rimmed .	yeah .
octagonal .	octagonal .
that s him .	that s our man .
right .	i il try and get a match .
yes .	the man we want is emile leopold locque . an enforcer in the brussels underworld .
yes .	the man we want is emile leopold locque .
he s been convicted of several . particularly brutal murders .	he escaped from namur prison . by strangling his psychiatrist .
he s been convicted of several . particularly brutal murders .	he escaped from namur prison .
particularly brutal murders .	he escaped from namur prison . by strangling his psychiatrist .
particularly brutal murders .	he escaped from namur prison .
he has worked for drug syndicates in marseilles and hong kong .	now reported working for greek smugglers .
the ltalian secret service think that he is at this moment in cortina .	i il instruct ferrara our man in northern ltaly to contact you there .
yes sir .	and zero zero seven try not to muck it up again .
i il do my best sir .	i il leave you to lock up .
let me out will you ?	the snow this year is better at lnnsbruck .
but not at st. moritz .	ferrara .
bond .	james .
luigi .	i presume london has briefed you .
if locque s in cortina we il find him .	i have a reliable greek contact here an anglophile .
he helped us out last year on a smuggling operation .	what s he doing in cortina ?
he	spends a few months a year here at his chalet .
he s in shipping insurance oil exploration .	knows everything going on .
very reliable .	the british gave him the king s medal for resistance fighting during the war .
yes but can i meet him ?	i ve set it up .
he is waiting for us at the olympic ice rink .	kristatos .
ari kristatos .	bond .
james bond .	would you care to join me in some gluhwein ?
that s a very good idea .	thank you .
well gentlemen how can i help you ?	we d like some information .
my protege .	a sure winner . in the next olympics .
my protege .	a sure winner .
she s completely absorbed in her skating . but innocent in the ways of the world .	the day she wins the gold medal . will be the greatest in my life .
she s completely absorbed in her skating . but innocent in the ways of the world .	the day she wins the gold medal .
but innocent in the ways of the world .	the day she wins the gold medal . will be the greatest in my life .
but innocent in the ways of the world .	the day she wins the gold medal .
bibi here are some new admirers for you .	mr. bond mr. ferrara bibi dahl . and her coach jacoba brink once a world class skater herself .
bibi here are some new admirers for you .	mr. bond mr. ferrara bibi dahl .
i ve seen miss brink skate .	i think the world will soon be seeing a great deal of your skating too .
only if she works harder .	much harder .
oh uncle ari .	can i stop now ?
i m pooped .	that s for miss brink to decide .
come bibi another half hour of practice .	uncle ari will you take me to the biathlon ?
bibi you know i have to work this afternoon .	bibi wants to know if you would escort her mr. bond .
i don t think i would feel better . if there were someone with her .	i d be delighted .
if there were someone with her .	i d be delighted .
i m staying at the miramonti .	great !
how can i help ?	do you know this man ?
yes .	locque .
columbo s right hand .	milos columbo .
his name came up in connection . with a smuggling operation last year .	that s the least of his offenses .
with a smuggling operation last year .	that s the least of his offenses .
drugs white slavery contract murder .	in the greek underworld he in known as the dove .
a very sick joke .	where is this dove ?
somewhere in greece i would guess .	once we were like brothers .
now he hates me .	we fought together in the greek resistance . then against the communists .
now he hates me .	we fought together in the greek resistance .
after that he took a different path .	thank you for your time mr. kristatos .
my pleasure .	i leave for corfu soon .
if i get any more information i will call ferrara .	what do you think luigi ?
does this dove columbo . have the resources to mount a salvage operation ?	oh definitely .
have the resources to mount a salvage operation ?	oh definitely .
he runs a fleet of intercoastal freighters in the aegean .	i il ring my office in milano .
they may have more on him .	i il see you later .
okay .	is this the one you mean ?
thank you .	i il take it .
deliver it to the hotel cristalo .	i beg your pardon .
may i help you ?	yes give me a dozen lilies .
will you ?	i il pick them up later .
come on quickly .	send them to the funeral will you ?
slow down .	would you mind telling me what the devil you re doing in cortina ?
your telegram .	what telegram ?
it said you found the man and to meet you here today .	i didn t send it .
now get in .	the station please .
are we leaving ?	not we . you .
are we leaving ?	not we .
and now .	you don t tell me what to do .
he s here isn t he ?	that s why you re here .
driver stop !	go back !
i m staying .	so you can put an arrow in his back ?
you do that and we il never find out who or what is behind all this .	it was my parents they killed not yours .
let me out .	driver stop !
melina look at me .	you were lucky once but they are onto you now .
the telegram the motorcycles back there .	they prove it .
let me handle this .	you ?
how are you involved ?	all i can tell you is it s something of vital interest to both our countries .
more important than my parents ?	your father was part of it .
he thought it important enough to risk his life .	now melina please trust me .
go back to the triaina and wait .	let me find out what i can here then i il come straight to corfu .
i promise you .	okay .
i il go back and wait but not for long .	it won t be i swear .
don t they have showers at the ice rink ?	how did you get in here ?
one of the porters is a fan .	he il do anything for me and i il do anything for you .
well i m exceedingly flattered bibi . but you re in training .	that s a laugh .
but you re in training .	that s a laugh .
everybody knows it builds up muscle tone .	how about building up a little more muscle tone by putting on your clothes ?
don t you like me ?	i think you re wonderful bibi . but i don t think your uncle ari would approve .
don t you like me ?	i think you re wonderful bibi .
yes well you get your clothes on and i il buy you an ice cream .	shall we ?
don t you ever come up for air ?	that s why i il get the gold medal breath control .
yes well you can t lose .	and now erich kriegler .
iast year s east european champion .	there s erich kriegler .
the east german champion ?	isn t he beautiful ?
you know something bibi ?	you re fickle .
hey erich !	come on let s go watch him shoot .
no james stay with me .	i have an appointment .
will you come and say good bye to me at the practice rink later ?	please james we re going back to greece soon .
all right but if i can t make it . all i can say is don t grow up any more .	huh ?
all i can say is don t grow up any more .	huh ?
the opposite sex won t survive it .	won t take long .
don t play with any of the switches .	right .
what took you so long ?	i took the scenic route .
tell me more about your boyfriend erich kriegler .	he doesn t smoke he only eats health foods and he won t even talk to girls .
james you re jealous .	of course .
what else can you tell me about my rival for your affections ?	they say he s a defector from east germany .
it is time for your rubdown .	i could eat you up alive .
farewell mr. bond but not good bye .	i il be finished around six zero zero .
meet me here .	how did you know i was here ?
i radio telephoned the triaina and they told me you were coming ashore .	i have to go shopping for the crew .
come with me we can talk .	why not ?
thank you .	i think you may need that .
my father loved the view from here .	i can see why .
we came here often .	is corfu your home ?
no .	my real home s always been the triaina the greek islands .
turkey north africa wherever my father s work took us .	did he leave any notes ?
they could help us .	no i don t think so .
to tell you the truth .	i haven t had the courage to go into his study since .
you re perspiring bunky .	contessa .
five zero zero zero zero zero .	only half ?
where s your courage bunky ?	courage is no match for an unfriendly shoe countess .
bravo bunky .	lucky night .
the odds favor standing pat .	if you play the odds .
would you cash these in for me please ?	thank you .
excuse me .	aperitif please ?
ouzo for me please .	and a whiskey .
and to eat ?	i il have the prawns salad and bourdetto .
an excellent choice .	i il have the same .
may i suggest a white wine from my home place ?	if you il forgive me that s a little too scented for my palate .
i prefer the theotaki aspro .	after our last meeting i am asking myself . why you want to know about locque columbo s man .
i prefer the theotaki aspro .	after our last meeting i am asking myself .
i know columbo runs heroin to be refined here . before it s sent to england .	so i think i see the answer .
before it s sent to england .	so i think i see the answer .
you re from the british narcotics board .	am i right ?
go on .	i wish you luck my friend .
but i must warn you stopping columbo will be difficult .	he has important connections .
you cannot just arrest him .	find some different way .
you may have to kill him .	does this discourage you ?
just tell me where he is .	over there .
with the woman in blue .	we ignore each other but i wanted you to see him .
he is a secret partner in this casino .	but we are perfectly safe .
he will do nothing in his own place .	and the countess ?
lisl an austrian .	expensive mistress .
she sometimes shills for the house .	she bets with other people s money .
but i must warn you stopping columbo will be difficult .	he has important connections .
you cannot just arrest him .	you must find a different way .
you may have to kill him .	does this discourage you ?
just tell me where he is .	you are a disgusting man .
how dare you talk to me like that ?	i will speak to you any way i please .
sit down .	you re making a spectacle of yourself .
get out !	nothing would please me more .
this may be an opportunity .	this may be a trap .
if you play the odds .	as you wish .
take my car .	i il play a little chemin .
ask the chauffeur to come back for me .	allow me .
may i drive you home ?	no thank you .
i il take a taxi .	no courage ?
seriously you may have a job finding one .	well you look like a gentleman .
why not ?	i am the countess lisl von schlaf .
know any ?	smugglers ?
how would i know any smugglers ?	i would think that a lady in your position . would get to know many things .
how would i know any smugglers ?	i would think that a lady in your position .
i d be most grateful .	how grateful ?
very .	i adore grateful men .
i have champagne and oysters in the fridge .	why not come in for a bite ?
i won t need you anymore tonight .	cheers .
bottoms up .	whoops !
me nightie s slipping .	so is your accent countess .
manchester ?	close .
liverpool .	it was an amusing performance . between you and the owner of this .
liverpool .	it was an amusing performance .
what exactly did columbo whisper to you ?	that you re a spy .
to find out more about you .	and have you ?
have i ever .	when you re ready to leave you can take my car .
that sounds like a dismissal .	i was looking forward to breakfast .
lisl come back !	get in ooh !
goodbye countess .	what
what should i do with you ?	you cannot just arrest him .
you must find a different way .	you may have to kill him .
does this discourage you ?	huh ?
but i il tell you . it is kristatos you want not me .	he told you about himself .
it is kristatos you want not me .	he told you about himself .
he s the one with the powerful connections .	locque works for him not for me .
i smuggle yes .	i smuggle gold diamonds . cigarettes pistachio nuts . but no heroin .
i smuggle yes .	i smuggle gold diamonds . cigarettes pistachio nuts .
i smuggle yes .	i smuggle gold diamonds .
sit down .	that i leave to him . when he is not too busy working for russia . against my country and yours .
sit down .	that i leave to him . when he is not too busy working for russia .
sit down .	that i leave to him .
my country awarded him the king s medal .	yes i know .
but other people died for it .	during the fighting in crete he was a double agent .
king s medal .	i would laugh if my heart was not so heavy . about my poor lisl .
king s medal .	i would laugh if my heart was not so heavy .
what does kristatos gain by setting you up ?	well i know too much about him .
he wants me out of the way .	by using a british agent to do his dirty work for him . your government might give him another medal .
he wants me out of the way .	by using a british agent to do his dirty work for him .
why should i believe you ?	i il prove it to you tonight .
we il go together to his warehouse . in albania okay ?	if i don t report in by morning . not only my people but the entire greek police will be down on you .
we il go together to his warehouse . in albania okay ?	if i don t report in by morning .
in albania okay ?	if i don t report in by morning . not only my people but the entire greek police will be down on you .
in albania okay ?	if i don t report in by morning .
iike a load of bricks .	don t worry .
by tomorrow we il be good friends .	let us drink to that .
i il wait till tomorrow .	you may need this .
i m a good judge of men .	mr. bond you have what the greeks call tha ros .
guts .	so have you mr. columbo .
cheers .	santos drug store .
watch it .	j. i. m. diving equipment . for salvage work at depths of over three zero zero feet .
watch it .	j. i. m. diving equipment .
raw opium .	an old smuggler s trick .
kristatos knows them all .	get your men out of here .
now .	you left this with ferrara i believe .
had no head for heights .	where did the st. georges sink ?
we can t be sure for certain .	we know it was in this vicinity .
your father was using the temple as a front .	kristatos killed your father . so he wouldn t find the st. georges before he did .
your father was using the temple as a front .	kristatos killed your father .
kristatos .	how can i help ?
where does your father keep his daily log ?	daily log .
father and he were pals for three zero years .	he repeats everything .
give us a kiss .	what s his name ?
max .	thank you .
hello .	it s all shorthand .
he used a special kind .	only i could decipher it .
he made several surveys in neptune .	what s neptune ?
our two man submarine .	he saw a diving bell here .
diving bell ?	oil exploration .
kristatos .	three days later he sighted a wreck in the same area .
and ?	that was his last entry .
the day he was killed .	air would be useless at this depth .
we need a mixture of oxygen and helium .	i have the necessary equipment .
the less people that know the better .	i il give the crew shore leave except for the mate and two others .
let s go .	five eight four feet .
an oxygen helium mix will give us eight minutes .	we il have to work fast .
wouldn t the crew have destroyed the transmitter ?	only if they d had the chance to set the explosive timer .
we have a visitor below .	conserve your gas supply .
speak only when necessary .	i hope he was dining alone .
go back to the sub .	no no .
i m staying .	that should be the command cabin .
eureka !	main destruct timer . under lever right of atac housing dualled . by ring main circuit through anti handling charger .
eureka !	main destruct timer . under lever right of atac housing dualled .
eureka !	main destruct timer .
the destruct timer s set at one minute .	for some reason the lever wasn t pulled .
the transmitter with a thermite charge .	hold these .
to bypass trembler switch . cut wires in following procedure .	cutters .
cut wires in following procedure .	cutters .
screwdriver .	that s it .
let s get out of here .	james help !
james i won t make it .	we both will .
get to the sub .	i il stall him .
careful james .	it s five zero zero zero years old .
thank you mr. bond .	you have saved us the trouble of disarming it .
apostis take that .	where are my men ?
you will be joining them .	let the girl go .
we il double whatever you re getting .	i never go back on a deal .
it would be bad for my reputation .	i will deliver it and return with the money .
the voice of the kgb .	our agreement was that i designate the meeting place .
after they pay i will give them the transmitter .	it must not be let out of your sight .
nor mine .	where are we going ?
we will take the atac to st. cyril s .	st. cyril s .
i il arrange the pickup .	bind that wound .
we don t want blood in the water yet .	murderer .
you have shot your last bolt miss havelock .	leave their legs free .
they il make appetizing bait .	i didn t think it would end like this .
we re not dead yet .	hold tight .
turn around .	we go again .
take a deep breath .	again .
hurry .	help !
aw leave him .	turn .
run them down .	follow me .
ahh .	the sharks have them .
make port .	thank you .
hello .	give us a kiss .
max not now .	kristatos is still alive .
and probably headed to moscow or havana by now .	we il never get him .
or the atac .	atac to st. cyril s .
forgive me father for i have sinned .	that s putting it mildly zero zero seven .
your signal sent whitehall into shock .	so far we have managed to locate . four three nine st. cyril s in greece .
your signal sent whitehall into shock .	so far we have managed to locate .
heaven only knows to which one kristatos took the atac .	i know a well informed person to contact about that q.
st. cyril s where we used to hide from the germans .	only kristatos would make an abandoned monastery his personal retreat .
my friend i ve been studying this place . for just such an occasion .	we il split here huh ?
for just such an occasion .	we il split here huh ?
your best approach is on the right face away from the building .	then you will have to make towards the shed on the left . which houses the basket and the electronic winch .
your best approach is on the right face away from the building .	then you will have to make towards the shed on the left .
it can be operated only from the shed .	good luck .
should have brought more people .	james is counting on surprise .
but we are only five men .	and one woman .
eighteen . nineteen . twenty .	fifty more .
nineteen . twenty .	fifty more .
twenty .	fifty more .
why are we in this creepy place ?	our plans are changed .
we are going to live in cuba for a few months .	cuba !
you can skate without distractions .	i il be your audience .
what a drag .	i want to win the gold medal .
we all want that .	i know what you want .
you have poisoned her against me !	don t blow your top ari .
leave her alone .	i will deal with you . as i deal with everyone who betrays me .
leave her alone .	i will deal with you .
bibi . you re so young .	you must have a sponsor .
you re so young .	you must have a sponsor .
i il find another one .	go outside and check the guards .
let me know when the helicopter arrives .	one of kristatos killers .
aah !	shut him up .
get the door .	come on george .
let s go .	hurry unless you want me to go without you .
you know i will never leave you .	your general is late .
only bad weather would delay him .	cover the windows .
let s go .	he s all right .
leave him .	he s all right .
back !	okay .
let s go .	i il be with you .
sorry .	cover the door !
where s kristatos ?	and keep your voice down .
we are leaving him .	he mustn t know until we re gone .
we il help you if you help us .	come .
where are the guards ?	that way .
wait here .	move !
where s kristatos ?	the other side of the courtyard .
you better stay here .	what have you done to brink ?
go back to your room !	you can go to hell !
drop it .	where s kristatos ?
he s left with the atac .	you re going to pay for it .
you re not as fast as you used to be .	no melina that s not the answer .
we il turn him over to the greek police .	out of my way james .
all right . but be prepared to dig those two graves .	that s detente comrade .
but be prepared to dig those two graves .	that s detente comrade .
you don t have it .	i don t have it .
it seems as though bibi has a new sponsor .	how s it going ?
i ve patched through . a high security line to the satellite .	we can try bond now .
a high security line to the satellite .	we can try bond now .
good .	are you through to number one zero ?
standing by sir .	you know what i d like ?
i can t imagine .	a moonlight swim .
zero zero seven are you there ?	bond are you there ?
for your eyes only darling .	he s there .
patch in the prime minister .	i il get it denis .
hello .	mr. bond on the line prime minister .
ah mr. bond .	i wanted to call you personally to say how pleased . we all are that your mission was a success thank you .
ah mr. bond .	i wanted to call you personally to say how pleased .
thank you thank you .	don t thank me mr. bond .
your courage and resourcefulness . are a credit to the nation .	denis and i look forward to meeting you .
are a credit to the nation .	denis and i look forward to meeting you .
meanwhile if there is anything i can do for you	give us a kiss give us a kiss .
well really mr. bond .	i think we re having a little trouble with the line madam .
you idiot .	get on to him .
zero zero seven .	zero zero seven .
i hear her .	surprise !
nice going ace .	it sounded like her walk .
what s this horror show ?	it s a bridal shower for shayna .
you can get in on it if you want to .	yeah right .
yetta any chicken left from last night ?	i il make you a sandwich .
make it to go .	is shayna coming or what ?
come on give it to me .	oh shayna .
oh yeah .	oh god .
yes .	okey doke .
i m going to be back in nevada in three or four weeks for that electronics show .	i want to see you again .
i m not going to be here .	today s my last day .
shit .	there you go man .
listen the next time you come back here to party . ask for kim or taylor and they il take great care of you .	why don t you go check out one of our souvenir t shirts ?
ask for kim or taylor and they il take great care of you .	why don t you go check out one of our souvenir t shirts ?
okay maybe i will .	take care of yourself .
you too .	shayna .
yeah .	kim s been looking for you .
she in her room ?	kitchen i think .
thanks .	now that s an ass .
hey guys .	shayna !
oh shit !	what s going on ?
surprise .	surprise !
over there .	pull down that screen .
smile .	you can keep looking you ain t gonna find buried treasure down there .
are you sure we haven t met before ?	you look so damn familiar .
i m sure .	coming back from a break ?
no .	just starting then ?
if you need someone to practice on .	i crack myself up .
just dry a few minutes .	now .
what do you say ?	cotton candy or red vine red ?
do you have clear ?	sure .
clear ?	whose kid are you ?
red is bold babycakes .	it says look here . and we il match .
red is bold babycakes .	it says look here .
daddy will hate it .	even better .
mom .	she doesn t like it when i antagonize her father .
especially since he s recovering from a very delicate operation .	what ?
where do you think you re going ?	away from you .
chelsea it was a joke .	you say mean stuff about him and in an hour you re gonna drop me off . and i have to live there for the next three weeks .
chelsea it was a joke .	you say mean stuff about him and in an hour you re gonna drop me off .
please just .	i promise i il behave .
come on .	look you get whatever color you want .
you want clear that s fine .	it s great .
red please .	other david thought you girls might need refills .
excellent !	no mary wait .
stay .	have a piece of cake .
yetta ?	coming right up .
okay thanks .	and you guys thank you so much .
actually i wanted to elope but evan s really close with his family .	so basically anybody who s related to mr. wonderful . people you probably don t even know hey right this way .
actually i wanted to elope but evan s really close with his family .	so basically anybody who s related to mr. wonderful .
em shut up .	so how did you two meet you know you and evan ?
right you weren t here yet were you ?	no .
actually it was at the x ray machine at the reno airport .	i was going to san diego on my week off and he was going home to detroit .
i told him i was a stewardess .	flight attendant .
and he still thinks that .	three weeks on one week off .
company girls .	bye shayna .
bye .	come on .
one last lineup for the road ?	no .
i il miss you .	hi welcome to the diamond ranch .
we ve some beautiful girls for you today .	come on in .
right this way .	why don t you sit down on the couch ?
chicklet .	emily .
i m janey .	kim .
cat .	her .
i il take her .	all right then .
rickie lee .	thank you girls .
hey daddy .	let s party .
three two .	keep the change .
thank you .	you want me to help you in ?
i got it .	are you sure i don t know you ?
you don t .	hi .
can i help you ?	i don t know .
can you ?	hi dad .
hey sweetie .	i thought you were bringing her home before lunch .
it s my fault .	i lost track of time .
for someone who gets paid by the hour you d think you d be more attuned to that .	come here you .
i will talk to you later .	you have fun at the party tomorrow .
wish elizabeth happy birthday for me .	i will .
love you .	love you more .
wait a sec .	go on inside .
yeah the nails ?	that was me too .
what s next a g string ?	do you want to know the smartest thing i ever did ?
not marry you .	i forgot .
i don t need it .	the fortune magazine said house painters are in the top two percentile of earnings .
were you always such a bitch or is this new ?	it s child support .
just take it .	i d just as soon not go to macy s buy her a coat . pay for it with the money you made giving some asshole a blowjob .
just take it .	i d just as soon not go to macy s buy her a coat .
do you not understand that what i do i do for her ?	please .
i want our kid to have every god damn thing i didn t have .	i want her to have a new coat every year . and piano lessons and i don t know a fucking horse if she wants one .
i want our kid to have every god damn thing i didn t have .	i want her to have a new coat every year .
when it comes to college i want to be able to say	here baby girl you go wherever you want .
you know what ?	let her go to community college . and have a mother who s a mother not a prostitute .
you know what ?	let her go to community college .
you are such a clueless bastard .	nice car .
is it new ?	who d you say you re in this for ?
cookies and milk .	all day sucker . what s that ?
cookies and milk .	all day sucker .
guess .	so what do you feel like ?
maybe you could blow me ?	and i could . fuck you after .
maybe you could blow me ?	and i could .
okay .	is one five zero .
so that s velvet .	knight with a k .
you know i had a cat named velvet once .	lady whose pussy we talking about mine or yours ?
do me a favor .	save that kind of language for the clients .
you don t like it so much what re you doing being a madam anyways ?	manager .
whatever .	the truth ?
it was the best paying job i could find .	yeah .
same here .	four zero zero .
half and half . four zero zero for a blowjob and a straight lay ?	yeah .
four zero zero for a blowjob and a straight lay ?	yeah .
that s a lot .	not for me .
here you go .	thanks .
so you know what a half and half is ?	i guess you ve worked before .
not in nevada .	in la .
last couple of years .	time for a change of scenery you know ?
here s this all .	you people are strict here .
licenses checkups every week .	man !
let me tell you how it goes here .	the girls are on for three weeks working one zero to one two hour shifts every day .
then they re off for a week .	sometimes we have girls who just work weekends . and the house gets half of everything you make .
then they re off for a week .	sometimes we have girls who just work weekends .
is it possible that we ve met before ?	because you look awfully familiar .
yo brooklyn that tv show bunch of years back ?	vonetta knight of course .
you play the sister .	yep .
my son and i watch the reruns on nickelodeon .	let me ask you something .
that rashad ?	played my little brother on the show .
how old you think he was when i was on it ?	how old ?
thirteen ?	fourteen ?
nineteen .	nineteen years old almost twenty .
but his asshole daddylmanager wants everybody to think he s some kid .	so one day me and rashad are getting on in the dressing room . daddy walks in old man just about has a stroke .
but his asshole daddylmanager wants everybody to think he s some kid .	so one day me and rashad are getting on in the dressing room .
next week the script comes out and my character s dead in a car wreck .	i got them the highest rating ever those motherfuckers !
excuse me .	so why did you stop ?
you were good .	cause daddy goes round town .
job ends and suddenly i can t get arrested . except on hollywood boulevard but that s another story .	anyhow those charges didn t stick .
except on hollywood boulevard but that s another story .	anyhow those charges didn t stick .
i m sorry that happened to you .	yeah well .
look here s what .	end of every show . we d all come out and the audience would give us a standing ovation .
look here s what .	end of every show .
i watch him get hard .	his dick is standing straight up because of me .
so .	you got room for me ?
you want this ?	you don t ?
i m lucky to be getting away with flight attendant .	i don t think he il buy lion tamer on top of that .
you going to tell him ever ?	why would i ?
it s who you are .	it s who i was .
you must have some on off switch somewhere that i never saw .	where s it on your ass ?
no wait i ve seen your ass .	yeah and so has half the population of nevada .
and i don t think my fianc needs to know that .	but aren t you gonna wonder how he would feel if he knew ?
i m gonna keep my big mouth shut .	the past is the past tay . and this is my future .
i m gonna keep my big mouth shut .	the past is the past tay .
okay . but if i fall in love again someday god forbid . and the guy gives me attitude cause this is how i make my living . fuck that .	that s a deal breaker .
but if i fall in love again someday god forbid . and the guy gives me attitude cause this is how i make my living . fuck that .	that s a deal breaker .
and the guy gives me attitude cause this is how i make my living . fuck that .	that s a deal breaker .
fuck that .	that s a deal breaker .
i better get in on this lineup .	you are going to make a beautiful bride .
come back and visit us once in a while will you ?	probably not .
you know where the plates are ?	that one on the right .
thanks .	so mary let you stay ?
good for you .	so what do you think of this place ?
everybody else seems nice .	bunch of jerks .
what are you gonna do ?	get out of this rat s ass of a city .
get a house somewhere .	a house house not a whorehouse .
get a foster kid maybe .	two more years .
three at the most .	you do pretty good then ?
i do fucking great .	stupid bitch emily with the tattoos thinks her little pussy s made of gold .
i book twice as much as she does .	oh and by the way cupcake . you want to keep yourself away from my regulars you got it ?
i book twice as much as she does .	oh and by the way cupcake .
don t you worry .	anything that goes into you i don t want going into me .
then we il get along just fine .	you re here !
i know .	finally .
i can t believe it .	i know .
i missed you so much .	so you still want to marry me or have you gotten over that silly idea ?
you bet .	let s go get my bags .
wait .	isn t there anybody you need to say goodbye to ?
any of the crew ?	the other stewardesses ?
no all i want to do is get to the hotel and .	that could work .
kim get this .	in ancient greece the only women allowed to own property were prostitutes .
probably the only ones who could afford to .	yeah maybe .
what you got there ?	that s what you read for fun ?
you il get used to it .	just don t play any trivia games with her .
or make bets .	i got to ask you .
who do i talk to about clean sheets ?	franny takes care of all the laundry .
but don t let the guys under the sheets or you il be changing them all day .	use one of those towels in your closet trick towels .
that was your first john just now wasn t it ?	how d that go ?
guy tells me he wants to do it like a dog .	i figure he means doggy style .
he breaks out a collar a leash i end up scratching him behind the ears . and rubbing him on his belly till he goes off .	what the hell is that ?
and rubbing him on his belly till he goes off .	what the hell is that ?
you know in la . you get in the back of a dude s car suck him off and that s that .	i used to beat off my cousin s dog .
you get in the back of a dude s car suck him off and that s that .	i used to beat off my cousin s dog .
hello ?	scrappy .
he was a show dog .	a jack russell terrier .
wouldn t that make him a jack off russell terrier ?	one for the new girl .
my aunt and uncle wouldn t let him fuck ever .	except with another show dog like once a year .
he was always so frustrated .	he told you that ?
no i could tell .	taylor there s a customer asking for you .
he said bicycle jimmy sent him .	thanks .
later .	man another crappy day in the desert .
and i always thought california weather was amazing .	this is like heaven .
no shit .	wait .
you need sunscreen .	here let me .
you re not going to try and cop a feel are you ?	how s that ?
i m sorry my mother made such a big deal about you staying at the house .	she s old fashioned is all .
she doesn t believe in sex before marriage .	i don t even think she believes in sex during marriage .
want me to tell her what she s missing ?	wait a sec .
we have time .	my sister s flight doesn t get in for another hour .
probably be late anyway .	what s wrong ?
there s . something we have to talk about .	oh god .
something we have to talk about .	oh god .
what ?	it s not bad .
i mean it s bad but it s not .	nobody s dead or anything .
i got laid off .	when ?
about two weeks ago .	the whole midsize line they re not making them anymore .
sedans and station wagons .	just like that .
assholes .	oh honey .
every time we talked on the phone i wanted to tell you .	i hated lying when you d ask me how work was .
but i thought it d be better in person .	are you pissed ?
no .	it s not your fault .
anyway i was thinking till i find something . maybe you can transfer out here .	i don t think i could transfer that easy .
maybe you can transfer out here .	i don t think i could transfer that easy .
because things like that take a lot of time to come through .	shit .
you re not feeling like this changes everything are you hon ?	no .
my friend jimmy says that . you give the best head of anybody he s ever met .	tell him i said thanks for the referral .
you give the best head of anybody he s ever met .	tell him i said thanks for the referral .
yeah .	i don t suppose i could get you to swallow could i ?
i d make it worth your while .	sorry .
you ve got to keep the condom on the whole time .	i know .
but damn !	i mean .
and i just keep trying to guess . is this one gonna let him come in her mouth ?	or that one ?
is this one gonna let him come in her mouth ?	or that one ?
here .	i il be right in .
okay .	my girlfriend hardly ever gives me head .
she never lets me get off in her mouth .	says it tastes funny .
what you can try for that is pineapple juice .	i read that it makes your jizz taste better .
yeah but won t that sting ?	honey you drink it you don t soak your dick in it .
so the owner of this place ?	he s some kind of slick rich white pimp wannabe ?
what d i say ?	the owner is my uncle .
shit .	sorry .
don t worry about it .	but for the record no he isn t one of those .
his uncle is named david .	that s why he s the other david .
the boss is okay .	you got to keep booking or you re out that s for sure .
but they take pretty good care of us .	other david takes especially good care of us .
hint hint .	seven in the side pocket baby .
it s sure shot .	there s no way those guys are partying .
but you know when they re humping their pillows tonight . they il be picturing you and me .	am i right austin ?
they il be picturing you and me .	am i right austin ?
guess so .	hey austin this is velvet .
she s new .	maybe you il try her out soon .
how s it hanging ?	good .
it s good .	he comes in every day nurses one beer for hours . then once every two weeks on payday he parties .
it s good .	he comes in every day nurses one beer for hours .
you can tell it s payday when his hair s clean .	good to know .
excuse me .	mary are you kidding me ?
i m in the middle of something here .	your daughter s on the phone .
she s crying .	says it s urgent .
something about her dad won t let her go to a party .	shit .
give me three zero seconds .	okay .
where do you go to school ?	colorado state .
same as my sister did .	she s the brains in our family .
your mother won t let me help her do anything .	you know i was thinking about you the other afternoon .
i was watching one of those health channels on the cable . and they did a whole show about jet lag .	you ever have any trouble with that all that flying around ?
and they did a whole show about jet lag .	you ever have any trouble with that all that flying around ?
it bothered me at first yeah .	but you get used to it .
you must meet so many interesting people with job like that .	i did yeah .
athletes .	actors .
a couple of politicians .	look what we got .
here let me get that .	there s tuna salad egg salad and some turkey .
guy i work with his daughter is a stewardess .	manny s kid .
i remember her .	tall long black hair .
tramp .	nice ma .
i m only saying what s true .	the girl slept her way across the country .
maybe it was the jet lag .	we need more lemonade .
where s your brother ?	he s upstairs i think .
tommy .	we re eating .
come on down .	sorry .
i was just getting things set for later .	shayna you don t mind do you ?
me and the guys kidnapping evan for the night ?	no who am i to get in the way of a good bachelor party ?
just so you know we re skipping the whole strip club thing .	i should hope so .
kidding me ?	you could get a disease just looking at some of those skanks .
sorry ma .	not that either of us would know about this firsthand .
thank goodness for small favors .	eat .
thanks ma .	i il see you both tomorrow .
see you tomorrow .	and get some sleep tonight .
that was a boatload of fun .	what ?
oh good .	i thought you d gone into a coma there .
it s the day before her wedding .	she s just a little tense .
you are .	thank you .
why are you marrying me ?	what ?
why do you love me ?	let me see .
i mean you are but that s not .	i have this uncle .
uncle lou he s quite a character .	you il meet him tomorrow .
whenever he talks about a woman he really likes . he calls her a good girl .	that audrey hepburn she s a good girl .
he calls her a good girl .	that audrey hepburn she s a good girl .
anyway after that first weekend you and i spent together .	i called him up and i said
i finally understand what you re talking about uncle lou .	i met a good girl .
i m so glad chelsea made it .	elizabeth would have been crushed if she wasn t here .
i m sorry we re so late .	there was a mix up with chelsea s dad .
so nice to meet you finally .	yeah you too .
what time do you want me to pick her up ?	no stay .
please .	i can t .
at least have a cup of coffee .	okay .
come on .	everybody this is chelsea s mom .
sorry i don t know your first name .	taylor .
we were beginning to think you didn t really exist .	this is me .
i m gail melody s mom .	hi .
that s inez and patty .	inez is brittany s mom and patty s got the twins .
how s it going ?	good .
found it .	hon this is taylor .
nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too .
i should get this out to the karaoke machine .	excuse me .
thanks .	can i ask you a question taylor ?
yeah .	i mean it s none of my business and it s probably not even true . but did i hear correctly that you work at the diamond ranch ?
yeah .	i mean it s none of my business and it s probably not even true .
for god s sake .	no it s okay .
that is where i work .	as a .
as a what ?	a prostitute ?
what do you do inez ?	i teach yoga .
you charge by the hour ?	yeah .
the more clients the more money you make ?	that s very cute .
i wasn t trying to be .	it s the same concept .
probably some of the same positions now that i think about it .	would you excuse me please ?
apple doesn t fall far from the tree apparently .	i il say it again
i ve got a two zero dollar goldpiece	that says there s nothing i can t do !
w o m a n	it s nothing .
they re kids .	she probably doesn t even know what she s even singing about .
yeah .	feed the baby grease the car and powder my face at the same time
listen . thanks for not busting me back there .	i would never do that .
thanks for not busting me back there .	i would never do that .
rory would die if she knew .	yep .
i can still come and see you though can t i ?	i il be back to pick up chelsea in about an hour .
woman	a w o m a n
i il say it again	dude come on .
i m tying my shoe give me a break .	what the fuck for ?
it s gonna be off in like a minute .	go for it .
it il put some hair on your chest .	what s to think about ?
take the gorgeous one .	give me a minute .
it s a birthday present from me to him .	and you know what a good brother i am ?
i m not even banging one of them myself .	i only saved up enough money for him to .
very nice of you .	i il take her .
jean jacket .	it s your dick .
all right then emily .	thank you girls .
i il be waiting at the bar bro .	knock yourself out .
mary your son s here .	really ?
hi sweetie .	what are you doing here ?
is everything all right ?	i don t know where my house key is .
i think i lost it at the park .	i il go get mine .
be right back .	so . what are you thinking you might like ?
be right back .	so .
i don t want to do this .	are you not very experienced scotty is that it ?
it s all right .	i il teach you .
learn on me .	baby are you a virgin ?
no .	are you gay ?
fuck you !	hey any time you re ready .
i didn t hear a yes or a no .	yes .
you having a little chat with yourself ?	yes okay ?
yes i m a fag .	there i said it you happy now ?
so what s the deal your brother doesn t know ?	it s none of his business .
that s fair .	no wait i il pay you for this okay ?
just let me stay in here till it s been long enough time .	what the hell .
it s not the worst lie i ve ever been part of .	not by a long shot .
you do use condoms right ?	when you re with a guy ?
yes .	every time ?
yes .	just making sure .
okay one of these .	and a t shirt the black one .
and a couple of these .	that s two seven even .
can i get a beer ?	yeah sure .
thought i d get the kid a couple of souvenirs .	not that he s ever gonna forget this right ?
that il be four .	thanks bud .
scotty s probably banging that chick pretty good by now .	probably .
diamond ranch .	yeah hold just a sec .
austin it s for you .	hello .
what ?	jesus what s with the sirens ?
you want me to get you a beer ?	you want me to put some music on ?
i m okay .	you play guitar ?
i always meant to learn how .	i had a boyfriend in a band .
i used to go on tour .	sing backup sometimes .
cool .	i had this fantasy that somebody would discover me .
who s that babe in the back ?	i guess when you re drunk out of your mind . most of the time you re not such a hot investment .
who s that babe in the back ?	i guess when you re drunk out of your mind .
not really but what i use for work .	how come ?
because some of us don t use our real names .	anyhow i picked emily .
it s from this record my sister would listen to when i was a kid .	i don t know that song .
emily	you re the natural snow
the unstudied sea	you re a cameo
keep going .	no .
that was pretty .	thanks .
my uncle my mom s brother . he produces shows at the hilton in reno .	they re always looking for singers .
he produces shows at the hilton in reno .	they re always looking for singers .
i could give him your tape .	do you have one ?
someplace .	listen you don t have to do me any favors or anything .
i m not going to rat you out to your brother .	that s not why i said it .
okay .	peter wait .
god damn it taylor i knew it .	she s in there ?
yes she is .	let go .
wait don t go and embarrass her in front of her friends .	she s not even supposed to be at that party .
i told her .	she talked back to you one time big fucking deal .
don t you tell me how to raise my daughter .	whoa .
our daughter .	my daughter three out of every four weeks .
or has that fact conveniently escaped your mind ?	no .
look i appreciate how you take care of her .	you appreciate it ?
what am i the baby sitter ?	did i say that ?
i was trying to teach her something .	and you just swooped right in .
and what was so important that you couldn t let her go to a stupid party ?	you want to know ?
yeah i want to know .	every day she gets more and more like you .
and that scares the shit out of me .	so you can go .
i il wait for her out here .	i won t embarrass her .
i won t punish her .	go .
there you are .	you hiding back here ?
yeah kind of .	what s up ?
i m supposed to let you know that mister tits is here . and he can t wait to see you .	his words not mine .
and he can t wait to see you .	his words not mine .
lucky me .	but he does pay me a fortune .
and all i have to do is let him snort a little coke off my boobs .	hey i don t need the details .
sorry .	sometimes i forget you re not one of the girls .
thanks .	you know what i mean .
hey did you hear about austin ?	no what ?
his house burned down electrical fire .	he lost everything .
shit .	and at that moment my love juices exploded into her .
she enjoyed it as much as i did .	every one of them writes that .
god bless them if they only knew .	yetta can i get a bowl of soup with some poison please ?
rough day ?	kind of yeah .
what re you up to ?	reading my reviews .
the brothel website ?	can i ask you a favor ?
this is just you know for play .	can you help me type a r sum .
come on first shayna now you .	no .
i m not going anywhere .	it s just to see hypothetically . what else i might be qualified for .
i m not going anywhere .	it s just to see hypothetically .
if you leave i il hunt you down and kill you .	i il keep that in mind .
okay i ve never done one of these .	i guess you put down your education first .
did you go to college at all ?	fuck me i never even finished high school .
let s skip that part then .	what do you think would be your best qualifications ?
professionally speaking .	i give excellent head .
skilled at oral presentations .	i like that .
exceptional manual dexterity .	keen negotiator .
works well in group situations .	leaving out the words orgy room .
flexible .	stimulating .
you re good .	would six nine be considered multitasking ?
i don t see why not .	what s up ?
nothing much .	anybody in the mood for a threesome ?
i got a live one with deep pockets .	you take it .
would you mind leaving this here ?	no turn it off when you re done .
fucking joke .	get you another rum and coke ?
thanks .	so what kind of ladies you got working here ?
i m thinking i might like to party .	do you want me to call a lineup ?
no .	i d feel bad for the ones i didn t pick .
they re used to it .	it s part of the job .
so what s your type ?	female and breathing .
you might want to be a little more specific .	well between you and me i really like the colored girls .
the blacker the better .	and tall .
give me a set of long dark legs . and i m a happy man .	you re in luck .
and i m a happy man .	you re in luck .
we ve got a girl just like that started this week .	velvet .
i like her already .	is she on tonight ?
yeah she should be out any minute .	let me ask you though what s it gonna cost me to party with this velvet ?
i don t know .	that s between you and her .
hey velvet want to come here a minute ?	hey what s going on ?
i ve got a guy who d like to meet you .	hi .
carlos .	you thought you d get away from me ?
what the fuck do you think you re doing ?	why you didn t think i was going to find out ?
i will fucking kill you .	you don t even think about it .
come on bitch .	leave her alone .
lady what are you serious ?	i mean it let go of her .
fucking crazy !	leave her alone and get out of here .
now !	are you okay ?
damn it i should have known this guy was up to something .	how could you have ?
this is still bleeding .	it s deep but i don t think you il need stitches .
good .	let me in there one more time .
i ve got some percocets in my room if you need them .	i think aspirin will be fine thank you .
okay there .	what was that ?
must have been the loss of blood .	no seriously .
seriously i have wanted to do that since . well how long have you worked here ?	three years .
well how long have you worked here ?	three years .
then two years one one months and two nine days .	what was wrong with me the first day ?
here you go .	cold .
ice does that .	does it hurt ?
yeah .	fuck .
he was your pimp ?	a bastard from the first day i met him .
keep that on here .	thanks for keeping me company .
i know i m probably not the most popular person now .	well it s funny .
i feel like i know you .	i guess because i used to watch you on your show .
not because we both just fucked the same guy together ?	no i think it was the show .
i always though it was funnier if i had a little bit of a buzz on .	yeah me too .
you ever have a pimp ?	no i didn t need one .
this is a family business for me .	so you re related to that david guy ?
no .	my grandmother worked at the mustang ranch back when it first opened .
my mom still puts in a couple days a month over at the bunnyranch .	so me doing this was pretty much a given .
even with you being a dyke ?	he paid me to kiss you .
i don t mean that shit before i mean you with that emily .	i see you looking at her all moony eyed .
can we drop this ?	i don t get it .
you can talk about giving a dog a hand job no problem . but you can t say maybe you like a girl .	she doesn t know .
but you can t say maybe you like a girl .	she doesn t know .
please don t tell anyone .	i won t .
don t get too drunk okay ?	don t worry .
anyway tommy s driving .	speaking of which i told the limo driver to pick you two up at the hotel at noon .
have fun .	good night .
he is such a nice guy .	yeah i guess opposites do attract .
so what do you want to do ?	go back to the room and watch pay per view ?
get a massage ?	beth ann ?
i need to talk to you for a minute .	this probably isn t fair to do to you but i just .
i need to say this out loud to somebody .	what is it ?
remember lindsay ?	she was my roommate in college junior year ?
crazy lindsay yeah what about her ?	she worked in a brothel every weekend in nevada .
a whorehouse ?	yeah .
what does this have to do with you ?	one time super bowl weekend she knows it s going to be busy after the game . and she says i can go with her .
what does this have to do with you ?	one time super bowl weekend she knows it s going to be busy after the game .
no .	you didn t .
well this was after teddy had broken up with me .	and you know what a hard time i was having with that .
i just needed somebody . to make me feel like i was worth being with .	i made two zero zero zero in like a day and a half .
to make me feel like i was worth being with .	i made two zero zero zero in like a day and a half .
and i was practically failing my classes anyway . because you re the smart one .	i never finished college .
because you re the smart one .	i never finished college .
and i was never a flight attendant .	come on .
beth ann i know has to be .	this isn t funny .
it s true .	stop it !
please .	i didn t plan this .
this is just how it worked out .	you re a prostitute ?
i was but i was going to quit .	how many guys ?
i don t know .	like hundreds ?
probably .	i feel nauseous .
please don t throw up .	i can handle almost anything but that .
no i need to get out of here .	sweetie are you okay ?
don t !	i don t know where to put this in my brain .
every day mommy used to call the airline to see when your plane got in .	even when she was sick even when she was dying she made me promise .
i wanted to tell you so many times .	why didn t you ?
evan doesn t know does he ?	no .
you have to tell him .	i can t .
he s marrying you .	it s like you said he is a nice guy .
why do this to him ?	and my god you saw his family .
his mother thinks if you re a stewardess you re a whore .	she would die if he told her .
i have a chance to be happy .	this isn t only about you .
beth ann i need you don t .	you re disgusting .
i hope nobody sees us .	i remember when i started here they said that they discourage .
fuck what do they call it ?	intra house fraternizing .
yeah i guess don t shit where you eat didn t sound classy enough .	well i wouldn t worry about it .
i kind of got an in with the management .	you re so pretty .
how many of those have you had there ?	i mean it you are .
you know what you taste like ?	what ?
miller lite .	hey did you know that if a guy drinks a beer . and then eats a girl s pussy he can give her a yeast infection ?
miller lite .	hey did you know that if a guy drinks a beer .
taylor told me that .	em .
what ?	don t .
don t what ?	it s not a work night .
in other words don t be such a whore .	i didn t say that .
i know .	i know you didn t .
i don t know why i thought we could do this .	come on no i didn t mean anything .
i don t know .	yeah .
i il make it be okay .	how the hell are you going to do that ?
i couldn t do that .	i don t know .
i want to make this work .	you know what ?
you are one of the sweetest kindest men i ve ever met .	and baby . you deserve a whole lot better than for your girlfriend to be me .
you are one of the sweetest kindest men i ve ever met .	and baby .
busted .	can i talk to you ?
yeah come on in .	did i wake you up ?
i didn t think he d find me .	at least not so quick .
i il pay for that lamp the one you shot .	i bet that s the first time you ever heard that .
how s your lip ?	better .
lucky we working girls got that rule about no kissing the customers because .	did he hurt you ?
before when you were together ?	all the time .
you sharing ?	yeah i il get you a glass .
please don t fire me .	i know that s what you must be thinking right now .
please .	i don t know velvet .
it might not be safe for you to stay .	safer than me being out on the streets with him looking for me .
i mean for everybody else .	look you can spend the night on the couch .
mom .	honey .
i heard talking .	everything s okay .
ray this is velvet .	hey ray .
do me a favor .	get pillows and a blanket from the closet .
why ?	she s sleeping here ?
tonight .	what is this a whorehouse now too ?
just do what i asked you to do .	go on .
it il be more comfortable with the pillows off .	em you going to the doctor ?
i m sorry what ?	the doctor .
the vans are leaving in a little bit .	all right .
shayna s getting married today .	couple of hours .
i know .	i was just thinking about her .
did you and other david have an okay time last night ?	it s not going to be anything .
i thought it would be but . actually it was a fucking disaster !	how the fuck do you have a relationship ?
actually it was a fucking disaster !	how the fuck do you have a relationship ?
how do you do this job and have a boyfriend or a husband ?	do you have to make up some bullshit story like shayna did is that the only way ?
no i don t think so .	maybe you il find somebody who gets it .
who understands this you know . and who loves you for who you are .	the whole package .
and who loves you for who you are .	the whole package .
yeah where the hell am i going to find that ?	beth ann ?
i help to you ?	yeah thanks .
could i ask you a question ?	because i need an objective opinion .
i m getting married today apparently .	there s something he doesn t know about me .
and it s something big .	and some people might think i don t deserve to marry him .
but i m not a horrible person i m not .	and you know people keep secrets all the time right ?
what do you think i should do ?	that s fine .
thanks .	good boris is here .
i could use more leather armbands .	let me get some cash i il meet you .
okay .	tay you coming ?
not right now .	okay .
i felt funny waiting inside .	they said you d be back soon .
do you have a few minutes ?	yeah .
kim you got a second ?	velvet s looking for you .
she wants to say goodbye .	what s she saying goodbye for ?
why do you think ?	where s mary ?
kitchen .	what are the odds he il come back here ?
probably very high .	okay so we call the sheriff .
she s a tv star it il be good for business .	kim she got fired after one season on a sitcom .
you know it s not exactly like halle berry showed up and asked for a job .	halle berry showed up and asked for a job ?
yeah she did and i told her she could have your room .	i thought you were coming right out .
mary s firing velvet .	come on mom can t she stay and play with us ?
besides how would i explain this to david ?	don t tell him about it that s how .
you don t think other david called him as soon as he got out of here last night ?	i can pretty much guarantee you that didn t happen .
i il see you out there .	think about this .
velvet had this life that was happy . she was doing her show everything was working out for her . and then all of a sudden that s over with and she s alone .	do you have any idea how horrible that must feel ?
she was doing her show everything was working out for her . and then all of a sudden that s over with and she s alone .	do you have any idea how horrible that must feel ?
and then all of a sudden that s over with and she s alone .	do you have any idea how horrible that must feel ?
i m sorry .	mary i didn t know that .
any more trouble she s out of here .	thank you .
so this is your room then ?	yeah .
it s cozy .	it s the accessories that really make the difference don t you think ?
this is difficult for me to ask you .	but i came here to ask so .
if he hasn t already .	and i thought maybe you as a professional .
of course i il pay you for your time .	oh no was that a terrible thing to ask you ?
no wait hang on a second .	don t go .
you didn t insult me .	it s flattering .
kind of .	you re just catching me on a really bad day .
why ?	what s wrong ?
okay here s the way that i figured it .	chelsea s in school all day .
we talk every night and the week i have with her every month . it s me and her nobody else that s it .	i thought that i could do this job and still be a good mother .
it s me and her nobody else that s it .	i thought that i could do this job and still be a good mother .
you know ?	and i could still be a good influence on her .
what an idiot .	you must be doing something right .
chelsea s crazy about you .	she talks about you all the time .
yeah ?	does she say that her mother s a fucking whore ?
yes i m back .	i just wanna thank the academy for this great honor .
girl i m glad you re staying .	we need more sisters around here .
thank you baby .	i won t forget what you did .
what do you think boris ?	nice .
sexy .	very sexy .
does it push my tits up enough ?	i get you a smaller size .
thanks .	well ?
pretty .	did you ask her yet ?
no but i will now .	good .
rickie lee .	we re taking up a collection to help austin get back on his feet .
you heard about the fire right ?	yeah .
each of us is going to do a trick for him today .	how about it you in ?
sure i il just pull a rabbit out of my snatch .	god forget i fucking asked .
smaller size .	thanks .
boris did you get those saddle shoes i asked you for ?	you said you d get them for me this week .
inside the truck i il check .	thank you .
selfish bitch .	you got something to say to me emily say it .
you won t give any money for austin but you il spend it on that sick little girl act .	you think i give a shit ?
you think i give a shit what you think of me ?	i don t think you give a shit about anything or anybody . except those sleazeballs you re so busy getting off .
you think i give a shit what you think of me ?	i don t think you give a shit about anything or anybody .
listen twat face .	i il fucking .
emily stop it !	let me tell you something .
if some asshole wants to fuck a little girl .	i d just as soon it be me and not his one zero year old daughter .
the usual .	you looking to party ?
i m gay .	i ve got a cub scout uniform i could wear if that would do it for you .
no thanks .	for somebody who doesn t sleep with girls you spend a lot of time at a whorehouse .
what ?	one of the singers in the show . at the hilton they re doing this six zero s revival thing .
what ?	one of the singers in the show .
janis joplin girl got strep .	my uncle heard your tape he wants you to audition .
get out of here .	it s only temporary .
is this for real ?	yeah .
get out of here .	oh my god .
i love you .	what s going on ?
i got an audition singing in reno .	that s fantastic .
oh my god i could fuck you till the cows come home .	please don t .
here we go .	to emily .
to emily .	i shayna take you evan to be my husband .
to have and to hold from this day forward .	for better for worse for richer for poorer .
in sickness and in health to love and to cherish until death do us part .	before god and in the presence of this congregation .
evan and shayna have made their solemn vows to each other .	therefore i proclaim that they are now husband and wife .
evan you may kiss your bride .	what are you doing ?
living vicariously .	here .
give it a shot .	you ready ?
you re not going to hurt it .	attagirl .
you don t like it much here do you ?	i don t know .
not yet .	getting there .
i love it here .	men fuck me and then they pay me it s unbelievable .
you can make an ugly guy feel handsome .	you can make an old guy feel young .
the power of the pussy right ?	and the money .
oh man .	hookers make pretty much the same hourly rate that lawyers do .
i mean beat that with a stick .	taylor why are you telling me all this ?
because i have to leave .	peter ?
chels ?	no .
oh my god .	oh my god .
that son of a bitch .	hello diamond ranch .
no i m sorry .	she doesn t work here anymore .
i know .	but if you come in we have a number of very beautiful girls .
okay .	aren t you going to congratulate the bride ?
surprise !	nice going ace .
it sounded like her walk .	what s this horror show ?
it s a bridal shower for shayna .	you can get in on it if you want to .
yeah right .	yetta any chicken left from last night ?
i il make you a sandwich .	make it to go .
is shayna coming or what ?	come on give it to me .
oh shayna .	oh yeah .
oh god .	yes .
today s my last day .	you going to the bunnyranch or something ?
no i m retiring .	shit .
there you go man .	listen the next time you come back here to party . ask for kim or taylor and they il take great care of you .
there you go man .	listen the next time you come back here to party .
why don t you go check out one of our souvenir t shirts ?	okay maybe i will .
take care of yourself .	you too .
shayna .	yeah .
kim s been looking for you .	she in her room ?
kitchen i think .	thanks .
now that s an ass .	hey guys .
shayna !	oh shit !
what s going on ?	surprise .
surprise !	over there .
pull down that screen .	smile .
you can keep looking you ain t gonna find buried treasure down there .	are you sure we haven t met before ?
coming back from a break ?	no .
just starting then ?	if you need someone to practice on .
i crack myself up .	just dry a few minutes .
now .	what do you say ?
cotton candy or red vine red ?	do you have clear ?
sure .	clear ?
whose kid are you ?	red is bold babycakes .
it says look here . and we il match .	daddy will hate it .
and we il match .	daddy will hate it .
even better .	mom .
she doesn t like it when i antagonize her father .	especially since he s recovering from a very delicate operation .
what ?	they tried to remove the stick up his ass but they couldn t get it out .
i m gonna go wait in the car .	where do you think you re going ?
away from you .	chelsea it was a joke .
you say mean stuff about him and in an hour you re gonna drop me off . and i have to live there for the next three weeks .	i know .
and i have to live there for the next three weeks .	i know .
i m sorry .	please just .
i promise i il behave .	come on .
look you get whatever color you want .	you want clear that s fine .
it s great .	red please .
other david thought you girls might need refills .	excellent !
no mary wait .	stay .
have a piece of cake .	yetta ?
coming right up .	okay thanks .
and you guys thank you so much .	this was so sweet .
i m sorry i can t invite everyone to the wedding . but we kept the guest list really tiny .	actually i wanted to elope but evan s really close with his family .
but we kept the guest list really tiny .	actually i wanted to elope but evan s really close with his family .
so basically anybody who s related to mr. wonderful . people you probably don t even know hey right this way .	but us who you worked with for how many years ?
people you probably don t even know hey right this way .	but us who you worked with for how many years ?
no i m getting married i m not going to be a hooker anymore fuck them .	em shut up .
so how did you two meet you know you and evan ?	right you weren t here yet were you ?
no .	actually it was at the x ray machine at the reno airport .
i was going to san diego on my week off and he was going home to detroit .	i told him i was a stewardess .
flight attendant .	and he still thinks that .
three weeks on one week off .	company girls .
bye shayna .	bye .
come on .	one last lineup for the road ?
no .	i il miss you .
hi welcome to the diamond ranch .	we ve some beautiful girls for you today .
come on in .	right this way .
why don t you sit down on the couch ?	chicklet .
kim .	rickie lee .
hi i m lavender rose .	cat .
her .	i il take her .
all right then .	rickie lee .
thank you girls .	hey daddy .
let s party .	another satisfied pedophile .
i m so excited you picked me .	three two .
keep the change .	thank you .
you want me to help you in ?	i got it .
are you sure i don t know you ?	you don t .
hi .	can i help you ?
i don t know .	can you ?
hi dad .	hey sweetie .
i thought you were bringing her home before lunch .	it s my fault .
i lost track of time .	for someone who gets paid by the hour you d think you d be more attuned to that .
come here you .	i will talk to you later .
you have fun at the party tomorrow .	wish elizabeth happy birthday for me .
i will .	love you .
love you more .	wait a sec .
go on inside .	yeah the nails ?
that was me too .	what s next a g string ?
do you want to know the smartest thing i ever did ?	not marry you .
i forgot .	i don t need it .
the fortune magazine said house painters are in the top two percentile of earnings .	were you always such a bitch or is this new ?
it s child support .	just take it .
i d just as soon not go to macy s buy her a coat . pay for it with the money you made giving some asshole a blowjob .	do you not understand that what i do i do for her ?
pay for it with the money you made giving some asshole a blowjob .	do you not understand that what i do i do for her ?
please .	i want our kid to have every god damn thing i didn t have .
i want her to have a new coat every year . and piano lessons and i don t know a fucking horse if she wants one .	when it comes to college i want to be able to say
and piano lessons and i don t know a fucking horse if she wants one .	when it comes to college i want to be able to say
here baby girl you go wherever you want .	you know what ?
let her go to community college . and have a mother who s a mother not a prostitute .	you are such a clueless bastard .
and have a mother who s a mother not a prostitute .	you are such a clueless bastard .
nice car .	is it new ?
who d you say you re in this for ?	cookies and milk .
all day sucker . what s that ?	guess .
what s that ?	guess .
so what do you feel like ?	maybe you could blow me ?
and i could . fuck you after .	okay .
fuck you after .	okay .
is one five zero .	is that about right ?
is that all you think i m worth ?	so that s velvet .
knight with a k .	you know i had a cat named velvet once .
lady whose pussy we talking about mine or yours ?	do me a favor .
save that kind of language for the clients .	you don t like it so much what re you doing being a madam anyways ?
manager .	whatever .
the truth ?	it was the best paying job i could find .
yeah .	same here .
four zero zero .	half and half . four zero zero for a blowjob and a straight lay ?
four zero zero .	half and half .
yeah .	that s a lot .
not for me .	here you go .
thanks .	so you know what a half and half is ?
i guess you ve worked before .	not in nevada .
in la .	last couple of years .
time for a change of scenery you know ?	here s this all .
you people are strict here .	licenses checkups every week .
man !	let me tell you how it goes here .
the girls are on for three weeks working one zero to one two hour shifts every day .	then they re off for a week .
sometimes we have girls who just work weekends . and the house gets half of everything you make .	sounds all right .
and the house gets half of everything you make .	sounds all right .
i m sorry .	is it possible that we ve met before ?
because you look awfully familiar .	yo brooklyn that tv show bunch of years back ?
vonetta knight of course .	you play the sister .
yep .	my son and i watch the reruns on nickelodeon .
let me ask you something .	that rashad ?
played my little brother on the show .	how old you think he was when i was on it ?
how old ?	thirteen ?
fourteen ?	nineteen .
nineteen years old almost twenty .	but his asshole daddylmanager wants everybody to think he s some kid .
so one day me and rashad are getting on in the dressing room . daddy walks in old man just about has a stroke .	next week the script comes out and my character s dead in a car wreck .
daddy walks in old man just about has a stroke .	next week the script comes out and my character s dead in a car wreck .
i got them the highest rating ever those motherfuckers !	excuse me .
so why did you stop ?	you were good .
cause daddy goes round town . telling everybody i m some piece of garbage .	job ends and suddenly i can t get arrested . except on hollywood boulevard but that s another story .
cause daddy goes round town . telling everybody i m some piece of garbage .	job ends and suddenly i can t get arrested .
telling everybody i m some piece of garbage .	job ends and suddenly i can t get arrested . except on hollywood boulevard but that s another story .
telling everybody i m some piece of garbage .	job ends and suddenly i can t get arrested .
yeah well .	look here s what .
end of every show . we d all come out and the audience would give us a standing ovation .	it didn t matter every single week standing o.
we d all come out and the audience would give us a standing ovation .	it didn t matter every single week standing o.
and when i m with a john and i do my sex thing i watch him .	i watch him get hard .
his dick is standing straight up because of me .	so .
you got room for me ?	you want this ?
i don t think he il buy lion tamer on top of that .	you going to tell him ever ?
why would i ?	it s who you are .
it s who i was .	you must have some on off switch somewhere that i never saw .
where s it on your ass ?	no wait i ve seen your ass .
yeah and so has half the population of nevada .	and i don t think my fianc needs to know that .
the past is the past tay . and this is my future .	okay . but if i fall in love again someday god forbid . and the guy gives me attitude cause this is how i make my living . fuck that .
the past is the past tay . and this is my future .	okay . but if i fall in love again someday god forbid . and the guy gives me attitude cause this is how i make my living .
the past is the past tay . and this is my future .	okay . but if i fall in love again someday god forbid .
the past is the past tay . and this is my future .	okay .
and this is my future .	okay . but if i fall in love again someday god forbid . and the guy gives me attitude cause this is how i make my living . fuck that .
and this is my future .	okay . but if i fall in love again someday god forbid . and the guy gives me attitude cause this is how i make my living .
and this is my future .	okay . but if i fall in love again someday god forbid .
and this is my future .	okay .
that s a deal breaker .	i better get in on this lineup .
you are going to make a beautiful bride .	come back and visit us once in a while will you ?
probably not .	you know where the plates are ?
that one on the right .	thanks .
so mary let you stay ?	yeah .
i m velvet .	good for you .
so what do you think of this place ?	everybody else seems nice .
bunch of jerks .	what ?
figure another year or two i got enough cash i m out of here .	what are you gonna do ?
get out of this rat s ass of a city .	get a house somewhere .
a house house not a whorehouse .	get a foster kid maybe .
two more years .	three at the most .
you do pretty good then ?	i do fucking great .
stupid bitch emily with the tattoos thinks her little pussy s made of gold .	i book twice as much as she does .
oh and by the way cupcake . you want to keep yourself away from my regulars you got it ?	don t you worry .
you want to keep yourself away from my regulars you got it ?	don t you worry .
anything that goes into you i don t want going into me .	then we il get along just fine .
you re here !	i know .
finally .	i can t believe it .
i know .	i missed you so much .
so you still want to marry me or have you gotten over that silly idea ?	you bet .
let s go get my bags .	wait .
isn t there anybody you need to say goodbye to ?	any of the crew ?
the other stewardesses ?	no all i want to do is get to the hotel and .
that could work .	kim get this .
in ancient greece the only women allowed to own property were prostitutes .	probably the only ones who could afford to .
yeah maybe .	what you got there ?
that s what you read for fun ?	you il get used to it .
just don t play any trivia games with her .	or make bets .
i got to ask you .	who do i talk to about clean sheets ?
franny takes care of all the laundry .	but don t let the guys under the sheets or you il be changing them all day .
use one of those towels in your closet trick towels .	that was your first john just now wasn t it ?
how d that go ?	guy tells me he wants to do it like a dog .
i figure he means doggy style .	he breaks out a collar a leash i end up scratching him behind the ears . and rubbing him on his belly till he goes off .
i figure he means doggy style .	he breaks out a collar a leash i end up scratching him behind the ears .
what the hell is that ?	you know in la . you get in the back of a dude s car suck him off and that s that .
what the hell is that ?	you know in la .
i used to beat off my cousin s dog .	hello ?
scrappy .	he was a show dog .
a jack russell terrier .	wouldn t that make him a jack off russell terrier ?
one for the new girl .	my aunt and uncle wouldn t let him fuck ever .
except with another show dog like once a year .	he was always so frustrated .
he told you that ?	no i could tell .
taylor there s a customer asking for you .	he said bicycle jimmy sent him .
thanks .	later .
man another crappy day in the desert .	and i always thought california weather was amazing .
this is like heaven .	no shit .
wait .	you need sunscreen .
here let me .	you re not going to try and cop a feel are you ?
she s old fashioned is all .	she doesn t believe in sex before marriage .
i don t even think she believes in sex during marriage .	want me to tell her what she s missing ?
wait a sec .	we have time .
my sister s flight doesn t get in for another hour .	probably be late anyway .
what s wrong ?	there s . something we have to talk about .
what s wrong ?	there s .
oh god .	what ?
it s not bad .	i mean it s bad but it s not .
nobody s dead or anything .	i got laid off .
when ?	about two weeks ago .
the whole midsize line they re not making them anymore .	sedans and station wagons .
just like that .	assholes .
oh honey .	every time we talked on the phone i wanted to tell you .
i hated lying when you d ask me how work was .	but i thought it d be better in person .
are you pissed ?	no .
it s not your fault .	anyway i was thinking till i find something . maybe you can transfer out here .
it s not your fault .	anyway i was thinking till i find something .
i don t think i could transfer that easy .	because things like that take a lot of time to come through .
shit .	could you get your old route back ?
while i m looking ?	i don t know .
i m sorry to dump this on you .	no it s fine .
i m gonna go take a shower .	you re not feeling like this changes everything are you hon ?
no .	my friend jimmy says that . you give the best head of anybody he s ever met .
no .	my friend jimmy says that .
tell him i said thanks for the referral .	yeah .
i don t suppose i could get you to swallow could i ?	i d make it worth your while .
sorry .	you ve got to keep the condom on the whole time .
i know .	but damn !
i mean . all day long i m in there and i m marrying people and .	that s good .
all day long i m in there and i m marrying people and .	that s good .
anyway all day long i m pronouncing them man and wife baby man and wife .	and i just keep trying to guess . is this one gonna let him come in her mouth ?
anyway all day long i m pronouncing them man and wife baby man and wife .	and i just keep trying to guess .
or that one ?	here .
i il be right in .	okay .
my girlfriend hardly ever gives me head .	she never lets me get off in her mouth .
says it tastes funny .	what you can try for that is pineapple juice .
i read that it makes your jizz taste better .	yeah but won t that sting ?
honey you drink it you don t soak your dick in it .	so the owner of this place ?
he s some kind of slick rich white pimp wannabe ?	what d i say ?
the owner is my uncle .	shit .
sorry .	don t worry about it .
but for the record no he isn t one of those .	his uncle is named david .
that s why he s the other david .	the boss is okay .
you got to keep booking or you re out that s for sure .	but they take pretty good care of us .
other david takes especially good care of us .	hint hint .
seven in the side pocket baby .	it s sure shot .
there s no way those guys are partying .	but you know when they re humping their pillows tonight . they il be picturing you and me .
there s no way those guys are partying .	but you know when they re humping their pillows tonight .
am i right austin ?	guess so .
hey austin this is velvet .	she s new .
maybe you il try her out soon .	how s it hanging ?
good .	it s good .
he comes in every day nurses one beer for hours . then once every two weeks on payday he parties .	you can tell it s payday when his hair s clean .
then once every two weeks on payday he parties .	you can tell it s payday when his hair s clean .
good to know .	excuse me .
your daughter s on the phone .	she s crying .
says it s urgent .	something about her dad won t let her go to a party .
shit .	give me three zero seconds .
okay .	where do you go to school ?
colorado state .	same as my sister did .
she s the brains in our family .	your mother won t let me help her do anything .
you know i was thinking about you the other afternoon .	i was watching one of those health channels on the cable . and they did a whole show about jet lag .
you know i was thinking about you the other afternoon .	i was watching one of those health channels on the cable .
you ever have any trouble with that all that flying around ?	it bothered me at first yeah .
but you get used to it .	you must meet so many interesting people with job like that .
i did yeah .	athletes .
actors .	a couple of politicians .
look what we got .	here let me get that .
there s tuna salad egg salad and some turkey .	guy i work with his daughter is a stewardess .
manny s kid .	i remember her .
tall long black hair .	tramp .
the girl slept her way across the country .	maybe it was the jet lag .
we need more lemonade .	where s your brother ?
he s upstairs i think .	tommy .
we re eating .	come on down .
sorry .	i was just getting things set for later .
shayna you don t mind do you ?	me and the guys kidnapping evan for the night ?
no who am i to get in the way of a good bachelor party ?	just so you know we re skipping the whole strip club thing .
i should hope so .	kidding me ?
you could get a disease just looking at some of those skanks .	sorry ma .
not that either of us would know about this firsthand .	thank goodness for small favors .
eat .	thanks ma .
i il see you both tomorrow .	see you tomorrow .
and get some sleep tonight .	that was a boatload of fun .
what ?	oh good .
i thought you d gone into a coma there .	it s the day before her wedding .
she s just a little tense .	you are .
thank you .	why are you marrying me ?
what ?	why do you love me ?
let me see .	because you re hot ?
i m kidding .	i mean you are but that s not .
i have this uncle .	uncle lou he s quite a character .
you il meet him tomorrow .	whenever he talks about a woman he really likes . he calls her a good girl .
you il meet him tomorrow .	whenever he talks about a woman he really likes .
that audrey hepburn she s a good girl .	anyway after that first weekend you and i spent together .
i called him up and i said	i finally understand what you re talking about uncle lou .
there was a mix up with chelsea s dad .	so nice to meet you finally .
yeah you too .	what time do you want me to pick her up ?
no stay .	please .
i can t .	at least have a cup of coffee .
okay .	come on .
everybody this is chelsea s mom .	sorry i don t know your first name .
taylor .	we were beginning to think you didn t really exist .
hi .	that s inez and patty .
inez is brittany s mom and patty s got the twins .	how s it going ?
good .	found it .
hon this is taylor .	nice to meet you .
nice to meet you too .	i should get this out to the karaoke machine .
excuse me .	thanks .
can i ask you a question taylor ?	yeah .
i mean it s none of my business and it s probably not even true . but did i hear correctly that you work at the diamond ranch ?	for god s sake .
but did i hear correctly that you work at the diamond ranch ?	for god s sake .
no it s okay .	that is where i work .
as a .	as a what ?
a prostitute ?	what do you do inez ?
i teach yoga .	you charge by the hour ?
yeah .	the more clients the more money you make ?
that s very cute .	i wasn t trying to be .
it s the same concept .	probably some of the same positions now that i think about it .
would you excuse me please ?	apple doesn t fall far from the tree apparently .
i il say it again	i ve got a two zero dollar goldpiece
that says there s nothing i can t do !	i can make a dress out of a feedbag and i can make a man out of you
cause i m a woman	w o m a n
it s nothing .	they re kids .
she probably doesn t even know what she s even singing about .	yeah .
feed the baby grease the car and powder my face at the same time	listen . thanks for not busting me back there .
feed the baby grease the car and powder my face at the same time	listen .
i would never do that .	rory would die if she knew .
yep .	i can still come and see you though can t i ?
i il be back to pick up chelsea in about an hour .	woman
a w o m a n	i il say it again
what the fuck for ?	it s gonna be off in like a minute .
go for it .	it il put some hair on your chest .
what s to think about ?	take the gorgeous one .
give me a minute .	it s a birthday present from me to him .
i only saved up enough money for him to .	very nice of you .
i il take her .	jean jacket .
it s your dick .	all right then emily .
thank you girls .	i il be waiting at the bar bro .
knock yourself out .	mary your son s here .
really ?	hi sweetie .
what are you doing here ?	is everything all right ?
i don t know where my house key is .	i think i lost it at the park .
i il go get mine .	be right back .
so . what are you thinking you might like ?	i don t want to do this .
what are you thinking you might like ?	i don t want to do this .
are you not very experienced scotty is that it ?	it s all right .
i il teach you .	learn on me .
baby are you a virgin ?	no .
are you gay ?	fuck you !
hey any time you re ready .	i didn t hear a yes or a no .
yes .	you having a little chat with yourself ?
there i said it you happy now ?	so what s the deal your brother doesn t know ?
it s none of his business .	that s fair .
no wait i il pay you for this okay ?	just let me stay in here till it s been long enough time .
what the hell .	it s not the worst lie i ve ever been part of .
not by a long shot .	you do use condoms right ?
when you re with a guy ?	yes .
every time ?	yes .
just making sure .	okay one of these .
and a t shirt the black one .	and a couple of these .
that s two seven even .	can i get a beer ?
yeah sure .	thought i d get the kid a couple of souvenirs .
not that he s ever gonna forget this right ?	that il be four .
thanks bud .	scotty s probably banging that chick pretty good by now .
probably .	diamond ranch .
yeah hold just a sec .	austin it s for you .
hello .	what ?
jesus what s with the sirens ?	you want me to get you a beer ?
you play guitar ?	i always meant to learn how .
i had a boyfriend in a band .	i used to go on tour .
sing backup sometimes .	cool .
i had this fantasy that somebody would discover me .	who s that babe in the back ?
i guess when you re drunk out of your mind . most of the time you re not such a hot investment .	i guess not .
most of the time you re not such a hot investment .	i guess not .
i m named for a song .	not really but what i use for work .
how come ?	because some of us don t use our real names .
anyhow i picked emily .	it s from this record my sister would listen to when i was a kid .
i don t know that song .	emily
you re the natural snow	the unstudied sea
you re a cameo	keep going .
no .	that was pretty .
thanks .	my uncle my mom s brother . he produces shows at the hilton in reno .
thanks .	my uncle my mom s brother .
they re always looking for singers .	i could give him your tape .
do you have one ?	someplace .
that s not why i said it .	okay .
peter wait .	god damn it taylor i knew it .
she s in there ?	yes she is .
let go .	wait don t go and embarrass her in front of her friends .
she s not even supposed to be at that party .	i told her .
she talked back to you one time big fucking deal .	don t you tell me how to raise my daughter .
whoa .	our daughter .
my daughter three out of every four weeks .	or has that fact conveniently escaped your mind ?
no .	look i appreciate how you take care of her .
you appreciate it ?	what am i the baby sitter ?
did i say that ?	i was trying to teach her something .
and you just swooped right in .	regular goddamn mary poppins .
hey pal i m not the baby sitter either .	and what was so important that you couldn t let her go to a stupid party ?
you want to know ?	yeah i want to know .
every day she gets more and more like you .	and that scares the shit out of me .
so you can go .	i il wait for her out here .
i won t embarrass her .	i won t punish her .
go .	there you are .
you hiding back here ?	yeah kind of .
his words not mine .	lucky me .
but he does pay me a fortune .	and all i have to do is let him snort a little coke off my boobs .
hey i don t need the details .	sorry .
sometimes i forget you re not one of the girls .	thanks .
you know what i mean .	hey did you hear about austin ?
no what ?	his house burned down electrical fire .
he lost everything .	shit .
and at that moment my love juices exploded into her .	and i let out a loud moan of complete and utter ecstasy .
and i have to say i m pretty sure .	she enjoyed it as much as i did .
every one of them writes that .	god bless them if they only knew .
yetta can i get a bowl of soup with some poison please ?	rough day ?
kind of yeah .	what re you up to ?
reading my reviews .	the brothel website ?
can i ask you a favor ?	this is just you know for play .
can you help me type a r sum .	come on first shayna now you .
it s just to see hypothetically . what else i might be qualified for .	if you leave i il hunt you down and kill you .
what else i might be qualified for .	if you leave i il hunt you down and kill you .
i il keep that in mind .	okay i ve never done one of these .
i guess you put down your education first .	did you go to college at all ?
fuck me i never even finished high school .	let s skip that part then .
what do you think would be your best qualifications ?	professionally speaking .
i give excellent head .	skilled at oral presentations .
i like that .	exceptional manual dexterity .
keen negotiator .	works well in group situations .
leaving out the words orgy room .	flexible .
stimulating .	you re good .
would six nine be considered multitasking ?	i don t see why not .
what s up ?	nothing much .
anybody in the mood for a threesome ?	i got a live one with deep pockets .
you take it .	would you mind leaving this here ?
no turn it off when you re done .	another ebony and ivory fantasy .
i m down with that .	fucking joke .
get you another rum and coke ?	thanks .
do you want me to call a lineup ?	no .
i d feel bad for the ones i didn t pick .	they re used to it .
it s part of the job .	so what s your type ?
female and breathing .	you might want to be a little more specific .
well between you and me i really like the colored girls .	the blacker the better .
and tall .	give me a set of long dark legs .
you re in luck .	we ve got a girl just like that started this week .
velvet .	i like her already .
is she on tonight ?	yeah she should be out any minute .
let me ask you though what s it gonna cost me to party with this velvet ?	i don t know .
that s between you and her .	hey velvet want to come here a minute ?
hey what s going on ?	i ve got a guy who d like to meet you .
hi .	carlos .
you thought you d get away from me ?	what the fuck do you think you re doing ?
why you didn t think i was going to find out ?	you didn t think my other bitches were going to give you up ?
i m sorry .	i will fucking kill you .
you don t even think about it .	come on bitch .
leave her alone .	lady what are you serious ?
i mean it let go of her .	fucking crazy !
leave her alone and get out of here .	now !
are you okay ?	damn it i should have known this guy was up to something .
how could you have ?	this is still bleeding .
it s deep but i don t think you il need stitches .	good .
let me in there one more time .	i ve got some percocets in my room if you need them .
i think aspirin will be fine thank you .	okay there .
what was that ?	must have been the loss of blood .
no seriously .	seriously i have wanted to do that since . well how long have you worked here ?
no seriously .	seriously i have wanted to do that since .
three years .	then two years one one months and two nine days .
what was wrong with me the first day ?	here you go .
cold .	ice does that .
does it hurt ?	yeah .
fuck .	he was your pimp ?
a bastard from the first day i met him .	keep that on here .
well it s funny .	i feel like i know you .
i guess because i used to watch you on your show .	not because we both just fucked the same guy together ?
no i think it was the show .	i always though it was funnier if i had a little bit of a buzz on .
yeah me too .	you ever have a pimp ?
no i didn t need one .	this is a family business for me .
so you re related to that david guy ?	no .
my grandmother worked at the mustang ranch back when it first opened .	my mom still puts in a couple days a month over at the bunnyranch .
so me doing this was pretty much a given .	even with you being a dyke ?
he paid me to kiss you .	i don t mean that shit before i mean you with that emily .
i see you looking at her all moony eyed .	can we drop this ?
i don t get it .	you can talk about giving a dog a hand job no problem . but you can t say maybe you like a girl .
i don t get it .	you can talk about giving a dog a hand job no problem .
she doesn t know .	please don t tell anyone .
i won t .	don t get too drunk okay ?
don t worry .	anyway tommy s driving .
speaking of which i told the limo driver to pick you two up at the hotel at noon .	have fun .
good night .	he is such a nice guy .
yeah i guess opposites do attract .	so what do you want to do ?
go back to the room and watch pay per view ?	get a massage ?
beth ann ?	i need to talk to you for a minute .
this probably isn t fair to do to you but i just .	i need to say this out loud to somebody .
what is it ?	remember lindsay ?
she was my roommate in college junior year ?	crazy lindsay yeah what about her ?
she worked in a brothel every weekend in nevada .	a whorehouse ?
yeah .	what does this have to do with you ?
one time super bowl weekend she knows it s going to be busy after the game . and she says i can go with her .	no .
and she says i can go with her .	no .
you didn t .	well this was after teddy had broken up with me .
and you know what a hard time i was having with that .	i just needed somebody . to make me feel like i was worth being with .
and you know what a hard time i was having with that .	i just needed somebody .
i made two zero zero zero in like a day and a half .	and i was practically failing my classes anyway . because you re the smart one .
i made two zero zero zero in like a day and a half .	and i was practically failing my classes anyway .
i never finished college .	and i was never a flight attendant .
come on .	beth ann i know has to be .
this isn t funny .	it s true .
stop it !	please .
i didn t plan this .	this is just how it worked out .
you re a prostitute ?	i was but i was going to quit .
how many guys ?	i don t know .
like hundreds ?	probably .
i feel nauseous .	please don t throw up .
i can handle almost anything but that .	no i need to get out of here .
sweetie are you okay ?	don t !
i don t know where to put this in my brain .	every day mommy used to call the airline to see when your plane got in .
even when she was sick even when she was dying she made me promise .	to check if your flights landed okay .
i m sorry .	i wanted to tell you so many times .
why didn t you ?	evan doesn t know does he ?
no .	you have to tell him .
i can t .	he s marrying you .
it s like you said he is a nice guy .	why do this to him ?
and my god you saw his family .	his mother thinks if you re a stewardess you re a whore .
she would die if he told her .	i have a chance to be happy .
this isn t only about you .	beth ann i need you don t .
you re disgusting .	i hope nobody sees us .
i remember when i started here they said that they discourage .	fuck what do they call it ?
intra house fraternizing .	yeah i guess don t shit where you eat didn t sound classy enough .
well i wouldn t worry about it .	i kind of got an in with the management .
you re so pretty .	how many of those have you had there ?
i mean it you are .	you know what you taste like ?
what ?	miller lite .
hey did you know that if a guy drinks a beer . and then eats a girl s pussy he can give her a yeast infection ?	taylor told me that .
and then eats a girl s pussy he can give her a yeast infection ?	taylor told me that .
em .	what ?
don t .	don t what ?
it s not a work night .	in other words don t be such a whore .
i didn t say that .	i know .
i know you didn t .	i don t know why i thought we could do this .
come on no i didn t mean anything .	what we re going to date . and then you re going to watch me take other guys to my room all night ?
come on no i didn t mean anything .	what we re going to date .
i m going to say i need a long island iced tea for my john back there . and that s going to be okay ?	i don t know .
and that s going to be okay ?	i don t know .
yeah .	i il make it be okay .
how the hell are you going to do that ?	i couldn t do that .
i don t know .	but i will .
emily i m crazy about you .	i want to make this work .
you know what ?	you are one of the sweetest kindest men i ve ever met .
and baby . you deserve a whole lot better than for your girlfriend to be me .	busted .
you deserve a whole lot better than for your girlfriend to be me .	busted .
can i talk to you ?	yeah come on in .
did i wake you up ?	no i couldn t fall asleep .
i m really sorry .	i didn t think he d find me .
at least not so quick .	i il pay for that lamp the one you shot .
i bet that s the first time you ever heard that .	how s your lip ?
better .	lucky we working girls got that rule about no kissing the customers because .
did he hurt you ?	before when you were together ?
all the time .	you sharing ?
yeah i il get you a glass .	please don t fire me .
i know that s what you must be thinking right now .	please .
i don t know velvet .	it might not be safe for you to stay .
safer than me being out on the streets with him looking for me .	i mean for everybody else .
look you can spend the night on the couch .	mom .
honey .	i heard talking .
everything s okay .	ray this is velvet .
hey ray .	do me a favor .
get pillows and a blanket from the closet .	why ?
she s sleeping here ?	tonight .
what is this a whorehouse now too ?	just do what i asked you to do .
go on .	it il be more comfortable with the pillows off .
the doctor .	the vans are leaving in a little bit .
all right .	shayna s getting married today .
couple of hours .	i know .
i was just thinking about her .	did you and other david have an okay time last night ?
it s not going to be anything .	i thought it would be but . actually it was a fucking disaster !
it s not going to be anything .	i thought it would be but .
how the fuck do you have a relationship ?	how do you do this job and have a boyfriend or a husband ?
do you have to make up some bullshit story like shayna did is that the only way ?	no i don t think so .
maybe you il find somebody who gets it .	who understands this you know . and who loves you for who you are .
maybe you il find somebody who gets it .	who understands this you know .
the whole package .	yeah where the hell am i going to find that ?
beth ann ?	i help to you ?
yeah thanks .	could i ask you a question ?
there s something he doesn t know about me .	and it s something big .
and you know people keep secrets all the time right ?	what do you think i should do ?
that s fine .	thanks .
good boris is here .	i could use more leather armbands .
let me get some cash i il meet you .	okay .
tay you coming ?	not right now .
okay .	i felt funny waiting inside .
they said you d be back soon .	do you have a few minutes ?
yeah .	kim you got a second ?
velvet s looking for you .	she wants to say goodbye .
what s she saying goodbye for ?	why do you think ?
where s mary ?	kitchen .
what are the odds he il come back here ?	probably very high .
okay so we call the sheriff .	she s a tv star it il be good for business .
kim she got fired after one season on a sitcom .	you know it s not exactly like halle berry showed up and asked for a job .
halle berry showed up and asked for a job ?	yeah she did and i told her she could have your room .
i thought you were coming right out .	mary s firing velvet .
come on mom can t she stay and play with us ?	can t she please ?
i m supposed to keep this place safe for you .	besides how would i explain this to david ?
don t tell him about it that s how .	you don t think other david called him as soon as he got out of here last night ?
i can pretty much guarantee you that didn t happen .	i il see you out there .
think about this .	velvet had this life that was happy . she was doing her show everything was working out for her . and then all of a sudden that s over with and she s alone .
think about this .	velvet had this life that was happy . she was doing her show everything was working out for her .
think about this .	velvet had this life that was happy .
do you have any idea how horrible that must feel ?	you mean like when my husband died . and he left me and ray all alone with no money and no life insurance ?
do you have any idea how horrible that must feel ?	you mean like when my husband died .
mary i didn t know that .	any more trouble she s out of here .
thank you .	so this is your room then ?
yeah .	it s cozy .
it s the accessories that really make the difference don t you think ?	please don t make fun of me .
i m not .	this is difficult for me to ask you .
but i came here to ask so .	could you help me be better at sex ?
i m scared that he might look for someone else .	if he hasn t already .
and i thought maybe you as a professional .	of course i il pay you for your time .
oh no was that a terrible thing to ask you ?	you mean as opposed to like asking for my special recipe for meatloaf ?
i m sorry i had no business .	no wait hang on a second .
don t go .	you didn t insult me .
it s flattering .	kind of .
you re just catching me on a really bad day .	why ?
what s wrong ?	okay here s the way that i figured it .
chelsea s in school all day .	we talk every night and the week i have with her every month . it s me and her nobody else that s it .
chelsea s in school all day .	we talk every night and the week i have with her every month .
i thought that i could do this job and still be a good mother .	you know ?
and i could still be a good influence on her .	what an idiot .
you must be doing something right .	chelsea s crazy about you .
she talks about you all the time .	yeah ?
we need more sisters around here .	thank you baby .
i won t forget what you did .	what do you think boris ?
nice .	sexy .
very sexy .	does it push my tits up enough ?
i get you a smaller size .	thanks .
well ?	pretty .
did you ask her yet ?	no but i will now .
good .	rickie lee .
we re taking up a collection to help austin get back on his feet .	you heard about the fire right ?
yeah .	each of us is going to do a trick for him today .
how about it you in ?	sure i il just pull a rabbit out of my snatch .
god forget i fucking asked .	smaller size .
thanks .	boris did you get those saddle shoes i asked you for ?
you said you d get them for me this week .	inside the truck i il check .
thank you .	selfish bitch .
you got something to say to me emily say it .	you won t give any money for austin but you il spend it on that sick little girl act .
you think i give a shit ?	you think i give a shit what you think of me ?
i don t think you give a shit about anything or anybody . except those sleazeballs you re so busy getting off .	listen twat face .
except those sleazeballs you re so busy getting off .	listen twat face .
i il fucking .	emily stop it !
let me tell you something .	if some asshole wants to fuck a little girl .
i d just as soon it be me and not his one zero year old daughter .	sure i can t get you anything else ?
i m good .	the usual .
i ve got a cub scout uniform i could wear if that would do it for you .	no thanks .
for somebody who doesn t sleep with girls you spend a lot of time at a whorehouse .	what ?
one of the singers in the show . at the hilton they re doing this six zero s revival thing .	janis joplin girl got strep .
at the hilton they re doing this six zero s revival thing .	janis joplin girl got strep .
my uncle heard your tape he wants you to audition .	get out of here .
it s only temporary .	is this for real ?
yeah .	get out of here .
oh my god .	i love you .
what s going on ?	i got an audition singing in reno .
that s fantastic .	oh my god i could fuck you till the cows come home .
please don t .	here we go .
to emily .	to emily .
i shayna take you evan to be my husband .	to have and to hold from this day forward .
for better for worse for richer for poorer .	in sickness and in health to love and to cherish until death do us part .
before god and in the presence of this congregation .	evan and shayna have made their solemn vows to each other .
therefore i proclaim that they are now husband and wife .	evan you may kiss your bride .
what are you doing ?	living vicariously .
here .	give it a shot .
you ready ?	you re not going to hurt it .
attagirl .	you don t like it much here do you ?
i don t know .	not yet .
getting there .	i love it here .
men fuck me and then they pay me it s unbelievable .	you can make an ugly guy feel handsome .
you can make an old guy feel young .	the power of the pussy right ?
and the money .	oh man .
hookers make pretty much the same hourly rate that lawyers do .	i mean beat that with a stick .
taylor why are you telling me all this ?	because i have to leave .
peter ?	chels ?
no .	oh my god .
oh my god .	that son of a bitch .
she doesn t work here anymore .	i know .
but if you come in we have a number of very beautiful girls . and i m sure you il find someone you can be satisfied with .	okay .
and i m sure you il find someone you can be satisfied with .	okay .
aren t you going to congratulate the bride ?	oh shayna .
bearing three niner five .	approaching target over .
confirm vector for ground elevation .	we are go for housekeeping .
raptor standing by on your coordinates .	roger understood .
all right this is it .	secure those rafts .
let s go go go !	it was another day .
another mission .	marines were flushing the rebels off the beach and up to the mountains . where my team was going to catch them .
another mission .	marines were flushing the rebels off the beach and up to the mountains .
a classic tac ops mission .	flying fast and low .
five hundred feet over a valley we blasted the night before .	my team . was ready .
five hundred feet over a valley we blasted the night before .	my team .
cooper take out that gunner !	go go go !
we got two cover teams in position .	possibility of bunkers .
need atpd on grid seven . one degrees north .	get down !
one degrees north .	get down !
move out !	move move move !
what i can tell you is as of zero six five zero today . our joint forces engaged rebels . known to be harboring foreign fighters . from the akd .	are you specifically targeting . abubakar al hassan who fought in afghanistan ?
what i can tell you is as of zero six five zero today . our joint forces engaged rebels . known to be harboring foreign fighters . from the akd .	are you specifically targeting .
our joint forces engaged rebels . known to be harboring foreign fighters . from the akd .	are you specifically targeting . abubakar al hassan who fought in afghanistan ?
our joint forces engaged rebels . known to be harboring foreign fighters . from the akd .	are you specifically targeting .
known to be harboring foreign fighters . from the akd .	are you specifically targeting . abubakar al hassan who fought in afghanistan ?
known to be harboring foreign fighters . from the akd .	are you specifically targeting .
from the akd .	are you specifically targeting . abubakar al hassan who fought in afghanistan ?
from the akd .	are you specifically targeting .
this is a serious game and we are pursuing akd leaders .	and we il catch them that s all there is to it .
while our forces will be driving the rebels west . general bondoc s army . will be pushing the akd brigade into the valley .	as captain escalona is fond of saying . we know more about where the rebels are than they do themselves .
while our forces will be driving the rebels west . general bondoc s army . will be pushing the akd brigade into the valley .	as captain escalona is fond of saying .
general bondoc s army . will be pushing the akd brigade into the valley .	as captain escalona is fond of saying . we know more about where the rebels are than they do themselves .
general bondoc s army . will be pushing the akd brigade into the valley .	as captain escalona is fond of saying .
will be pushing the akd brigade into the valley .	as captain escalona is fond of saying . we know more about where the rebels are than they do themselves .
will be pushing the akd brigade into the valley .	as captain escalona is fond of saying .
i see how all this helps with their rebel problem here . but how are we doing in the war against the akd ?	certain factions of the rebels . are akd .
i see how all this helps with their rebel problem here . but how are we doing in the war against the akd ?	certain factions of the rebels .
but how are we doing in the war against the akd ?	certain factions of the rebels . are akd .
but how are we doing in the war against the akd ?	certain factions of the rebels .
right but . the mindanao rebels have fought the government . for more than three zero years .	now suddenly you ve decided they re akd ?
the mindanao rebels have fought the government . for more than three zero years .	now suddenly you ve decided they re akd ?
for more than three zero years .	now suddenly you ve decided they re akd ?
why ?	we believe that their . withdrawal from the peace negotiations . and the recent surge in bombings and kidnappings . are directly related to akd .
why ?	we believe that their . withdrawal from the peace negotiations . and the recent surge in bombings and kidnappings .
why ?	we believe that their . withdrawal from the peace negotiations .
why ?	we believe that their .
the philippine government is certain of this .	absolutely .
scout two for flight control .	over .
go ahead scout two .	control we have visual confirming fire teams . have cleared the beach .
go ahead scout two .	control we have visual confirming fire teams .
over .	copy scout two .
and the rebels ?	over .
still searching for the camp .	we il report on contact .
over .	roger that .
control out .	flight control to eagle one .
over .	this is eagle one .
go ahead control .	advance scouts report no rebel contact in the inland valley .
looks like a clean ride for you up to the drop point .	over .
that s good to hear control .	any word on abubakar ?
over .	early reports have rebels moving over the mountains .
but no specific word . on abubakar al hassan or the other leaders .	copy .
on abubakar al hassan or the other leaders .	copy .
we ve just cleared the second waypoint .	over .
they re still on schedule to set the trap at the alpha drop .	proceed to your next waypoint .
over .	roger that flight control .
eagle one out .	captain any news on the target ?
amphibious has just landed .	still no word on al hassan .
but intel says we have a clear flight path . so we re going to insert you as quickly as we can .	they say that it s good luck to be a .
so we re going to insert you as quickly as we can .	they say that it s good luck to be a .
to have a woman to bring them to battle .	yeah right .
kindly tell diaz that he gets . an f on his luck and to go do himself .	the akd has been sending money and weapons . to these rebels for years now .
kindly tell diaz that he gets . an f on his luck and to go do himself .	the akd has been sending money and weapons .
an f on his luck and to go do himself .	the akd has been sending money and weapons . to these rebels for years now .
an f on his luck and to go do himself .	the akd has been sending money and weapons .
new intelligence tells us that top akd leaders are in mindanao . and they are planning a major strike . against the west .	the west ?
and they are planning a major strike . against the west .	the west ?
against the west .	the west ?
does that include our allies in the iraq war ?	is australia the target ?
bruce you know i can t comment on that .	gentlemen ladies . thank you for your patience that s all for now .
bruce you know i can t comment on that .	gentlemen ladies .
no more questions .	at the top level are we expecting another world trade center ?
please excuse us .	captain escalona will answer any further questions .
how big general would you say ?	how big what s the scale ?
later .	gentlemen this way please .
you are clear to insert the strike team at the alpha drop .	over .
roger that flight control eagle one out .	alex they say that we re cleared for the alpha drop .
major intel says that the rebels are still holding tight . on the beach but there s still no word on our target .	abubakar knows he can t take us in a straight fight .
on the beach but there s still no word on our target .	abubakar knows he can t take us in a straight fight .
i m hit .	we re taking heavy fire .
eagle one to flight ops .	we are taking heavy aa ground fire .
flight control to eagle one .	garbled .
repeat .	over .
eagle one hit .	section delta five .
delta five .	over .
we re losing it .	we re going down .
hang on .	this is it .
hang on .	hold tight .
eagle one respond .	over .
i lost their beacon .	check on four eight . three .
i lost their beacon .	check on four eight .
tac com get me five zero five th rescue .	we need a recovery team we ve got a bird down .
chopper down ?	yes sir .
who was on it ?	major aginaldo s strike team . and two americans .
who was on it ?	major aginaldo s strike team .
eagle one down .	eagle one down .
over .	eagle one to flight control .
alex .	alex .
oh my god .	lieutenant pierce ?
can you move it ?	can you move it ?
oh just barely .	you should go .
i m gonna get the medical kit and we re gonna . patch your leg up .	and then we re gonna move out .
patch your leg up .	and then we re gonna move out .
the rifles must have fallen out with the crash .	maybe you should go .
you don t know what the rebels do to women .	can t be any worse than what they did to your men .
let s put a splint on that .	the rebels are coming .
leave me .	leave me .
i il do this .	do you hear that ?
we re not leaving anybody behind .	you good to go ?
flight control this is rescue one .	entering sector delta five over .
copy that rescue one .	we ve got signal smoke .
confirmed signal smoke .	secure for extraction .
over .	copy that rescue one .
commencing .	rescue one we ve got a blip on infrared .
roger that .	chopper down chopper down .
do you hear that ?	yeah .
there s only one plane left .	we better move .
flight control we ve lost rescue two .	send backup .
we are returning fire .	we gotta go .
move .	move .
parker .	you stay here .
you count to five . and hit them with a grenade .	all right sir .
and hit them with a grenade .	all right sir .
start counting .	move out .
get down .	get down .
cooper .	sniper .
you got him ?	hundred yards up .
he s ten o clock high .	jackson up front .
stay low .	we got a sniper .
ten o clock high .	i got him .
parker you all right ?	yes sir .
move out .	roll over and show me your hands .
parker .	parker .
roll over and show me your hands .	alpha squad sound off !
jackson check .	i know it hurts .
come on .	a little bit further .
we just gotta go up to the .	set me down here .
i outrank you captain .	this isn t advice .
it s an order .	i know what these rebels are like .
it s better for both of us if you go on ahead .	they il just hold me for ransom .
i il take care of it .	no i can do this .
you just keep going back the way we came in .	two nd army s flushing the rebels to the south .
our amphibious assault is pushing abubakar s men . off the beach .	this whole place is about to be surrounded with bogeys .
off the beach .	this whole place is about to be surrounded with bogeys .
major you can t .	there s good cover here .
you can t just .	i il be fine .
captain keep going north .	just keep going north .
go .	yes sir .
here .	you take care .
just bring back the cavalry .	i will .
any sign of abubakar ?	that s a negative sir .
okay secure the site .	roger that .
alpha out .	found a claymore and took care of it sir .
good .	forward observers spotted . al qaeda leadership moving toward the mountains .
good .	forward observers spotted .
major golez and the reinforcement company are going after them .	and what about us sir ?
finish securing the camp .	we rest here tonight .
we lead major golez tomorrow morning .	army .
give up or we kill him .	we want ransom .
don t make us kill you .	hands .
his leg is broken .	you have to pick him up .
then you carry him .	major come on .
three .	one . two . three .
three .	one . two .
three .	one .
you got it ?	yeah .
we walked for hours .	to a little village in the middle of nowhere .
the major needed help .	but this was not the place to get it .
go inside .	okay .
he needs a doctor .	you take care of him .
can t get a body count on this one and there s no sign of survivors .	recon six saw signal smoke .
any draw fire ?	they launched two stingers .
at the recon plane .	general lewis sir the pentagon .
if they launch missiles . on a plane that is that far out . the akd must have bought them a lot of ammo .	general lewis here .
on a plane that is that far out . the akd must have bought them a lot of ammo .	general lewis here .
the akd must have bought them a lot of ammo .	general lewis here .
congratulations general .	your special ops team was shot down before they got near the target .
you lost two rescue choppers .	and apparently the survivors were taken hostage .
oh jesus christ .	what was that ?
i said we have a bad line sir .	this is a total command failure .
embarrassing .	we believed our intelligence to be good .
we based our strategy on it .	the enemy doesn t always do what you want them to do .
they have a choice too .	damn right .
and what do you think they re gonna do . to captured american soldiers ?	how do you think the american public is going to react to a video of .
to captured american soldiers ?	how do you think the american public is going to react to a video of .
who s the captain ?	jennings .
okay .	jennings begging for life .
you think that s going to help recruitment ?	we il get her out sir .
good .	they re your stars .
yes sir .	how do we find jennings ?
can t risk another rescue chopper .	daniels and montalvo .
if there are any survivors they re the ones who can get them back .	patrol three .
confirm orders to circle back and return to base .	copy that .
we got nothing out here .	back home my daddy used to say . in order to find north you look for the side of the tree with the moss on it .
we got nothing out here .	back home my daddy used to say .
out here in this jungle you got moss everywhere .	yeah there is .
yeah .	what are you gonna teach your kids ?
oh i don t have any kids .	not now but .
do you have a husband ?	not that i ve met .
smart fine woman like you ?	thank you .
i wouldn t want my wife to be in a mess like this .	well . maybe that s why i haven t found him yet .
i wouldn t want my wife to be in a mess like this .	well .
yeah .	you know . it was really brave of you to come back for me .
yeah .	you know .
thanks .	when the opportunity presents itself . you have to escape .
thanks .	when the opportunity presents itself .
i m in no shape to go with you .	all right .
don t you wanna get some sleep sir ?	i just wanna get these done .
get them back to the families .	lieutenant montalvo s looking for you .
says we got new orders .	when we heard the choppers .
i knew i had a chance to escape .	but then i met abubakar .
the man we were sent to catch .	all right .
rebels shot down three of our helicopters in less then one hour .	flyboys can t get in there so they re calling in the grunts .
high altitude recon shows nothing left of the team . so we re looking for survivors from eagle one .	that s the ranger squad under major diego aginaldo .
so we re looking for survivors from eagle one .	that s the ranger squad under major diego aginaldo .
and two americans .	special ops coordinator lieutenant mark pierce . and captain amy jennings pilot out of three rd tactical .
and two americans .	special ops coordinator lieutenant mark pierce .
the main force will be pursuing rebel leadership .	but they re going the same place we are .
so we re gonna take the river .	get up ahead of them deep in rebel territory .
general bondoc s two nd army is pushing a group of rebels . up from the south .	that means we ve got . two prongs . squeezing a whole bunch of rebels right where we re going .
general bondoc s two nd army is pushing a group of rebels . up from the south .	that means we ve got . two prongs .
general bondoc s two nd army is pushing a group of rebels . up from the south .	that means we ve got .
up from the south .	that means we ve got . two prongs . squeezing a whole bunch of rebels right where we re going .
up from the south .	that means we ve got . two prongs .
up from the south .	that means we ve got .
our job is to get there first . and get our marines back .	brief your fire teams .
and get our marines back .	brief your fire teams .
we move out in ten mikes .	lieutenant .
what were they doing out here ?	who s that ?
the rangers and that chick pilot .	that pilot is a marine aviator and a superior officer .
no offense sir . but i won t even let my old lady drive my car .	she was a counterinsurgency specialist .
but i won t even let my old lady drive my car .	she was a counterinsurgency specialist .
hq sent them out here to capture one of the rebel leaders .	abubakar al hassan . al qaeda s number two in southeast asia .
hq sent them out here to capture one of the rebel leaders .	abubakar al hassan .
let s get the men ashore .	take cover .
lieutenant daniels .	lieutenant reyes philippine army .
we were two days ahead of schedule . until they started hitting our flank .	sounds like a trap .
until they started hitting our flank .	sounds like a trap .
the rest of the air support and divisions . are tied up about five klicks back .	what about you guys ?
are tied up about five klicks back .	what about you guys ?
looking for a huey that went down in delta five .	that s just the other side of this mess .
damn they ve got the range .	how about the back side ?
it s mined .	jackson .
get up here .	got a minefield .
how about if we drop a coconut tree ?	that il work .
good get on it .	roger that sir .
they won t be expecting us .	jackson go .
move out .	go go .
two oh three !	two oh three !
jackson i m in .	clear .
clear .	all clear .
jackson you all right ?	here comes the cavalry .
i didn t know why i was still alive .	but as they took me deeper into rebel territory . it was clear they wanted something .
i didn t know why i was still alive .	but as they took me deeper into rebel territory .
she says they left the village .	did they have any prisoners ?
she says they have a woman prisoner .	they have captain jennings .
abaya radio .	yes sir .
hq hq this is alpha squad .	come in .
alpha squad hq .	we copy .
go ahead identify .	this is lieutenant daniels sir .
we re in the village with lieutenant reyes .	you got a two zero on captain jennings ?
has she been injured ?	that s negative .
we don t know if she s been injured .	this search has to go down fast .
you copy that ?	yes sir .
i want you to keep me informed .	roger that sir .
alpha squad out .	lieutenant .
any trace of major aginaldo ?	no .
gear up .	get the men out .
you think you are so powerful .	that is your destruction .
the death of america .	it is allah s justice .
soon your infidel cities will die .	and so will you .
abaya .	sir .
radio lieutenant reyes back at the village .	tell him we found major aginaldo s body .
yes sir .	cooper move out .
don t wanna think about what they re doing to captain jennings .	neither do i.
abubakar wanted me to talk .	not for what i knew but for what i could say .
government . and american soldier . must leave mindanao .	say it .
and american soldier . must leave mindanao .	say it .
must leave mindanao .	say it .
captain amy jennings . united states marine corps .	service number five seven one eight four three three seven .
united states marine corps .	service number five seven one eight four three three seven .
god bless ameri .	government and american soldiers . must leave mindanao .
god bless ameri .	government and american soldiers .
say it now .	captain amy jennings . united states marine corps .
say it now .	captain amy jennings .
say it .	no .
roger that .	alpha out .
intel doesn t have a damn clue .	jackson what do you have up there ?
looks like it gets pretty thick .	coop what about you ?
i got a road leading up .	what do you think ?
i think straight up .	we il try to get a view from a high point .
if we can t see anything . at least we ve got a defensible bivouac for the night .	all right .
at least we ve got a defensible bivouac for the night .	all right .
all right we re going up .	move out .
what do you mean he s not in hq ?	he s not here sir .
can you find him ?	no .
no ?	well then where is the general ?
that s classified information sir .	roger that .
alpha out .	worthless .
they rolled up hq .	is this operation over ?
last we heard abubakar was taking her in that direction .	we re not out here to let her slip away .
that bastard .	he s got her .
until we get other orders . we ve got a soldier to save .	let s pack it up .
we ve got a soldier to save .	let s pack it up .
move it out .	looks like one of ours .
it s a dray .	cooper go .
go go .	moving out .
damn looks like they ve got a lot of firepower out here .	they must have moved up the assault .
jackson talk to a supply sergeant .	see if we can get more ammo .
yes sir .	coop you and the men take one zero .
roger that sir .	how are you doing sir ?
hey .	general lewis sir ?
roger that .	this way sir .
gentlemen .	sir .
i m sorry i can t do more for you right now .	we cannot hold off the assault .
this war is getting bigger than we . planned for .	mission first .
planned for .	mission first .
marine always .	you re doing a good job lieutenant .
keep it up .	yes sir .
i know the army s coming .	where is to come ?
when will they attack ?	where is to come ?
where will they attack ?	tell me .
i said tell me .	i don t know .
i don t know .	hey jackson .
what s up ?	you think they get football on that thing ?
right now i d settle for some cartoons and some real breakfast coop .	roger that .
all right guys rally up .	sir where are those troops going ?
same place we are coop .	all right .
this is it .	the place they re holding captain jennings .
right here .	it s heavily fortified and crawling with bogeys .
general al fatwa s training camp .	there s only one road into it . and general panlilo s taking the main force right up it .
general al fatwa s training camp .	there s only one road into it .
air support is committed to a rebel reinforcement column . moving down the back side of these mountains .	until the main force gets there it s just us and a whole lot of them .
moving down the back side of these mountains .	until the main force gets there it s just us and a whole lot of them .
this is general rashid al fatwa .	he runs the camp .
and intel s latest photo of our old buddy abubakar .	they ve got captain jennings .
we re gonna get her out .	intel says abubakar s made an alliance . with the remnants of another rebel group .
we re gonna get her out .	intel says abubakar s made an alliance .
that leaves us the hills to the south .	impassable for trucks and heavy armor .
so we re hoofing it .	general says the main force is moving out at zero nine . so we re gonna have to haul ass to get to that camp .
so we re hoofing it .	general says the main force is moving out at zero nine .
any questions ?	make sure you guys chow down have some water . move out in five mikes .
any questions ?	make sure you guys chow down have some water .
let s go get our marine back .	who s leading the column ?
twenty three apc .	they move in five minutes .
if they move in five minutes we il give . daniels and montalvo a one five minute head start at the most .	what if we delay the artillery ?
daniels and montalvo a one five minute head start at the most .	what if we delay the artillery ?
save you a few good men .	orders are orders general but . the pentagon can kiss my ass .
save you a few good men .	orders are orders general but .
there s a watchtower .	good eyes cooper .
all right .	let s try to get through that .
cut to the right .	right here single file .
roger that sir .	the main force should be moving already .
means the base is on the other side .	let s see if we can get over there undetected .
where is to come ?	when will be attack ?
no .	don t .
please ?	i don t know .
when will be attack ?	i don t know .
tell me .	i don t know .
tell me .	the main force is late .
maybe the general s bought us some time .	we ve gotta hurry before the artillery drops on us .
unless we wanna take some shrapnel up the backside .	guys pick up and move out .
cooper .	let s move out .
move .	go .
move out .	go .
go go .	go go go .
cooper with me .	we ve gotta get some eyes on .
coordinates three five zero .	on my command .
let s move out .	go go .
go go go .	we gotta get inside that building .
coop check it out .	there s a guy with a video camera .
that s it .	probably gonna tape it for propaganda .
what s going on ?	couple of guys arguing .
let me take a look .	the guy in black s abubakar .
you want me to take him out ?	not yet .
if he s here he might lead us to captain jennings .	i think the guy with the video camera is entering the building .
you ready for this ?	roger that .
let s move out coop .	where is the camp ?
when will they attack ?	where is the camp ?
when will they attack ?	lanyard one fire .
jackson move .	two down .
center s clear !	jackson door .
fire .	we re a go for second wave .
over .	man down right .
left clear .	right clear .
i m at the door .	captain jennings .
lieutenant daniels usmc .	can you walk ?
yes .	round one .
i got a flank behind me .	come on let s go .
aim for the hole .	who wants me ?
stay with me .	jackson you re the last man in .
cooper jackson let s go .	now .
move .	let s go jackson .
let s go .	we re clear .
we re clear .	move out .
two down .	two down .
keep moving .	keep moving .
we have no word from daniels .	assault full ahead .
over .	you okay ?
i m good .	all right .
perimeter s about a hundred meters south .	let s move .
wait lieutenant .	they ve got anthrax a biochemical lab . abubakar tried to get me to make a tape .
wait lieutenant .	they ve got anthrax a biochemical lab .
he s gonna kill a whole lot of people .	the lab is the last door on the left southeast side .
look we ve gotta burn that anthrax before they use it .	i ve got an incendiary .
that il do .	let s move .
coop with me .	move .
move .	let s move it .
let s go .	go .
go .	go .
go .	let s go .
come on .	move move move .
montalvo jennings .	these incendiaries burn at two four zero zero degrees .
i m gonna make sure that shit s dead .	are you sure we won t spread it ?
gotta trust my demo guy .	it s set .
all right .	grab your gear .
let s move .	get down .
fall back .	fall back .
all my men fall back .	go go .
move move move .	pull back .
move move move .	come on come on .
let s go .	let s go .
go .	go .
pull back .	pull back .
go .	get down .
sound off .	cooper s down jackson .
check .	montalvo here .
jennings you all right ?	jennings check .
friendlies to the left .	good to see you .
you okay ?	fine thank you .
there was a biological lab inside .	it s pretty nasty .
good luck .	thank you sir .
thank you .	always sir .
johnson .	good work sir .
good work .	good work .
yeah .	good work good work .
you saved my punk ass .	you saved my life again .
thank you lieutenant .	marines don t leave their own behind .
lieutenant daniels got me out alive .	i got to thank him in person .
but not the men who didn t make it .	god it s still hard to lose them .
you didn t lose anyone daniels .	we trained them well .
and we fought hard .	you didn t lose anyone .
the rebels took them .	al qaeda took them .
approaching target over .	confirm vector for ground elevation .
we are go for housekeeping .	raptor standing by on your coordinates .
roger understood .	all right this is it .
secure those rafts .	let s go go go !
it was another day .	another mission .
marines were flushing the rebels off the beach and up to the mountains . where my team was going to catch them .	a classic tac ops mission .
where my team was going to catch them .	a classic tac ops mission .
flying fast and low .	five hundred feet over a valley we blasted the night before .
my team . was ready .	cooper take out that gunner !
was ready .	cooper take out that gunner !
go go go !	we got two cover teams in position .
possibility of bunkers .	need atpd on grid seven . one degrees north .
possibility of bunkers .	need atpd on grid seven .
get down !	move out !
move move move !	what i can tell you is as of zero six five zero today . our joint forces engaged rebels . known to be harboring foreign fighters . from the akd .
move move move !	what i can tell you is as of zero six five zero today . our joint forces engaged rebels . known to be harboring foreign fighters .
move move move !	what i can tell you is as of zero six five zero today . our joint forces engaged rebels .
move move move !	what i can tell you is as of zero six five zero today .
are you specifically targeting . abubakar al hassan who fought in afghanistan ?	this is a serious game and we are pursuing akd leaders .
abubakar al hassan who fought in afghanistan ?	this is a serious game and we are pursuing akd leaders .
and we il catch them that s all there is to it .	while our forces will be driving the rebels west . general bondoc s army . will be pushing the akd brigade into the valley .
and we il catch them that s all there is to it .	while our forces will be driving the rebels west . general bondoc s army .
and we il catch them that s all there is to it .	while our forces will be driving the rebels west .
as captain escalona is fond of saying . we know more about where the rebels are than they do themselves .	i see how all this helps with their rebel problem here . but how are we doing in the war against the akd ?
as captain escalona is fond of saying . we know more about where the rebels are than they do themselves .	i see how all this helps with their rebel problem here .
we know more about where the rebels are than they do themselves .	i see how all this helps with their rebel problem here . but how are we doing in the war against the akd ?
we know more about where the rebels are than they do themselves .	i see how all this helps with their rebel problem here .
certain factions of the rebels . are akd .	right but . the mindanao rebels have fought the government . for more than three zero years .
certain factions of the rebels . are akd .	right but . the mindanao rebels have fought the government .
certain factions of the rebels . are akd .	right but .
are akd .	right but . the mindanao rebels have fought the government . for more than three zero years .
are akd .	right but . the mindanao rebels have fought the government .
are akd .	right but .
now suddenly you ve decided they re akd ?	why ?
we believe that their . withdrawal from the peace negotiations . and the recent surge in bombings and kidnappings . are directly related to akd .	the philippine government is certain of this .
withdrawal from the peace negotiations . and the recent surge in bombings and kidnappings . are directly related to akd .	the philippine government is certain of this .
and the recent surge in bombings and kidnappings . are directly related to akd .	the philippine government is certain of this .
are directly related to akd .	the philippine government is certain of this .
absolutely .	scout two for flight control .
