you guys, you guys! chef is going away	going away? for how long?
going away? for how long?	forever
forever	i'm sorry boys
i'm sorry boys	chef said he's been bored, so he joining a group called the
chef said he's been bored, so he joining a group called the	wow!
wow!	chef?? what kind of questions do you think adventuring around
chef?? what kind of questions do you think adventuring around	what's the meaning of life? why are we here?
what's the meaning of life? why are we here?	i hope you're making the right choice
i hope you're making the right choice	i'm gonna miss him
i'm gonna miss him	dude, how are we gonna go on? chef was our fuh
dude, how are we gonna go on? chef was our fuh	and we will all miss you, chef,  but we know you must do what
and we will all miss you, chef,  but we know you must do what	bye-bye!
bye-bye!	good-bye!
good-bye!	so long!
so long!	so long, chef!
so long, chef!	good-bye, chef!
good-bye, chef!	good-bye, chef! have a great time with the super adventure club!
good-bye, chef! have a great time with the super adventure club!	good-bye! 
good-bye! 	draw two card, fatass
draw two card, fatass	reverse to you, jew
reverse to you, jew	i'll get it
i'll get it	hello there, children!
hello there, children!	he's back!
he's back!	yeah!
yeah!	all right! 
all right! 	chef! i can't believe you're back!
chef! i can't believe you're back!	well, it's true
well, it's true	but are you back for good?
but are you back for good?	that's right
that's right	hey everybody! chef's back!
hey everybody! chef's back!	what? all right! yeah! 
what? all right! yeah! 	oh, finally! 
oh, finally! 	wow! it seems like you had a great time with the super
wow! it seems like you had a great time with the super	yeah!
yeah!	but now that you're back here, does that mean that you're not
but now that you're back here, does that mean that you're not	nnono!
nnono!	ohhh, so have you decided you can still belong to the super
ohhh, so have you decided you can still belong to the super	that's right
that's right	well, it seems like the super adventure club was just what you
well, it seems like the super adventure club was just what you	that's right
that's right	well chef, you're welcome to stay with me until you buy another
well chef, you're welcome to stay with me until you buy another	thank you
thank you	well, come on everybody
well, come on everybody	that's right! thank you
that's right! thank you	later
later	well, i- guess we'll see you in school tomorrow, chef
well, i- guess we'll see you in school tomorrow, chef	you bet! good-bye
you bet! good-bye	right
right	uh, guys? did chef seem a little, uh, trippy to you?
uh, guys? did chef seem a little, uh, trippy to you?	well, look
well, look	yeah
yeah	yeah, but whatever, i'm just glad he's back for good
yeah, but whatever, i'm just glad he's back for good	(yeah, me too
(yeah, me too	it's really weird what he said
it's really weird what he said	oh boy oh boy, i can't wait to have chef's lunch food again
oh boy oh boy, i can't wait to have chef's lunch food again	yeah
yeah	you guys, you guys
you guys, you guys	what?
what?	something's wrong with chef
something's wrong with chef	like what?
like what?	i think
i think	what??
what??	i gotta- i gotta go
i gotta- i gotta go	weirdo
weirdo	hello there, children!
hello there, children!	hey chef
hey chef	how's it goin'?
how's it goin'?	good
good	well, how about i meet you boys after work and we make love?
well, how about i meet you boys after work and we make love?	excuse me?
excuse me?	come on, children! you're my sexual fantasy
come on, children! you're my sexual fantasy	
	i want to stick my balls inside your rectum, kyle
i want to stick my balls inside your rectum, kyle	dude, what are you saying??
dude, what are you saying??	i'm gonna make love to your asshole, children
i'm gonna make love to your asshole, children	
	hi kids, i'm detective jarvis
hi kids, i'm detective jarvis	this doesn't make any sense!
this doesn't make any sense!	we have some information that all this time chef has been and
we have some information that all this time chef has been and	no, he's not
no, he's not	uh huh
uh huh	no, he's not
no, he's not	yeah, yeah he is so
yeah, yeah he is so	what's a pedophile?
what's a pedophile?	now, we need some testimony in order to arrest chef,  so i'm
now, we need some testimony in order to arrest chef,  so i'm	no!
no!	okay, did he touch you here? 
okay, did he touch you here? 	no!
no!	did he ever do this? how about this? 
did he ever do this? how about this? 	my uncle bud did that to me once! 
my uncle bud did that to me once! 	did chef ever try one of these on for size? 
did chef ever try one of these on for size? 	goddammit, chef isn't like that! something funny is going on
goddammit, chef isn't like that! something funny is going on	young man, will you please pay attention! this is very
young man, will you please pay attention! this is very	hello there, children!
hello there, children!	chef, the police are asking questions about you!
chef, the police are asking questions about you!	oh really? well, let's all go home and make love
oh really? well, let's all go home and make love	no, chef, we don't wanna make love to you!
no, chef, we don't wanna make love to you!	kenny, how would you like to sodomize my black ass
kenny, how would you like to sodomize my black ass	chef, chef! you need to get out of here before you get
chef, chef! you need to get out of here before you get	i specializes in your asshole, kyle
i specializes in your asshole, kyle	
	he didn't want us for sex, fatass! something is making him say
he didn't want us for sex, fatass! something is making him say	(like what?)
(like what?)	something must have happened to chef while he was gone
something must have happened to chef while he was gone	well look: he spent the last three months with that
well look: he spent the last three months with that	(yeah! i think
(yeah! i think	yeah!
yeah!	all right, come on guys!
all right, come on guys!	hey you guys, you know what they call a jewish woman's boobs?
hey you guys, you know what they call a jewish woman's boobs?	may i help you
may i help you	ahh, hi, can we speak to the head guy or something?
ahh, hi, can we speak to the head guy or something?	right this way
right this way	now, the upper rim of kilimanjaro should be quite a trek, and
now, the upper rim of kilimanjaro should be quite a trek, and	excuse me, sir
excuse me, sir	ahh yes, splendid! good afternoon, lads! i'm head adventurer
ahh yes, splendid! good afternoon, lads! i'm head adventurer	tally ho!
tally ho!	indeed!
indeed!	uh, hi
uh, hi	what? well
what? well	
	we travel the world and have sex with children!
we travel the world and have sex with children!	yes, what else would we do?
yes, what else would we do?	well, we thought you went exploring and like, hunting and stuff!
well, we thought you went exploring and like, hunting and stuff!	noo, no, that's the adventure club
noo, no, that's the adventure club	
	i know, but it gets even better! from there we will kayak to
i know, but it gets even better! from there we will kayak to	no!!
no!!	no? oh really? perhaps i should ask you again?  how would you
no? oh really? perhaps i should ask you again?  how would you	no! 
no! 	dude, what are you doing?!
dude, what are you doing?!	oh well, it doesn't work on everybody
oh well, it doesn't work on everybody	just what the hell is that thing?!
just what the hell is that thing?!	what? what thing? i don't see anything
what? what thing? i don't see anything	ha! i knew it!
ha! i knew it!	knew what?
knew what?	the reason chef has been saying those terrible things about us
the reason chef has been saying those terrible things about us	oh, son of a bitch!
oh, son of a bitch!	come on, children
come on, children	you need to see a psychiatrist, chef
you need to see a psychiatrist, chef	i just like to make love up your butt
i just like to make love up your butt	oh my god!
oh my god!	mr
mr	all right, come on
all right, come on	hello, i'm dr
hello, i'm dr	hi, uh- our friend has been brainwashed by some fruity little
hi, uh- our friend has been brainwashed by some fruity little	brainwashed
brainwashed	yeah, he joined the super adventure club, and they convinced
yeah, he joined the super adventure club, and they convinced	i thought that club was for hiking and kayaking
i thought that club was for hiking and kayaking	no, that's the adventure club
no, that's the adventure club	oh
oh	doctor, do you have- children?
doctor, do you have- children?	why, yes, i have two young boys
why, yes, i have two young boys	have you all been sodomizing your children too?
have you all been sodomizing your children too?	you say he's never been like this before?
you say he's never been like this before?	no, chef has always been super-cool
no, chef has always been super-cool	i'm gonna make love to the children
i'm gonna make love to the children	he's pretty brainwashed all right
he's pretty brainwashed all right	so what can we do??
so what can we do??	i'm afraid there's no simple answer
i'm afraid there's no simple answer	but we don't have years! if chef keeps this up, he's gonna go
but we don't have years! if chef keeps this up, he's gonna go	tell me, what was chef's favorite thing to do before it was
tell me, what was chef's favorite thing to do before it was	having sex with women
having sex with women	then that's it
then that's it	all right guys, be sure to tip the waitresses; this is two for
all right guys, be sure to tip the waitresses; this is two for	aw, come on, children
aw, come on, children	this isn't working
this isn't working	well let's
well let's	would you like to daaance???
would you like to daaance???	no thanks
no thanks	daaance??? anybody wanna daaance???
daaance??? anybody wanna daaance???	come on, bitch! dance!
come on, bitch! dance!	up yours, fatty
up yours, fatty	bitch, i'll twist your nuts off!
bitch, i'll twist your nuts off!	all right guys, help me feel it out to them; we got a featured
all right guys, help me feel it out to them; we got a featured	come on guys, we might as well go
come on guys, we might as well go	god-damn!
god-damn!	chef, we're leaving
chef, we're leaving	nono, wait
nono, wait	come here, chubby
come here, chubby	wait a minute
wait a minute	he's remembering
he's remembering	children! what have i done?
children! what have i done?	it's okay chef
it's okay chef	i'm goinna- i'm gonna-
i'm goinna- i'm gonna-	come on, chef! you can do it!
come on, chef! you can do it!	i'm gonna make love to you woman, 'gonna lay you down by the
i'm gonna make love to you woman, 'gonna lay you down by the	yay!
yay!	(chef!)
(chef!)	hey children, everybody! i'm back!  ow
hey children, everybody! i'm back!  ow	great shot, william! hit him with another
great shot, william! hit him with another	oh! 
oh! 	chef!
chef!	tally ho, lads! i must say you're starting to become quite a
tally ho, lads! i must say you're starting to become quite a	where's chef?! what have you done with him?!
where's chef?! what have you done with him?!	he's safe
he's safe	look: if you wanna go around the world molesting kids, that's
look: if you wanna go around the world molesting kids, that's	we don't need him, he needs us! our club offers hope
we don't need him, he needs us! our club offers hope	oh jesus, here we go
oh jesus, here we go	very well
very well	we don't wanna hear it
we don't wanna hear it	you see, the super adventure club was founded by the greatest
you see, the super adventure club was founded by the greatest	immortal
immortal	he discovered that children have things called marlocks in
he discovered that children have things called marlocks in	
	is it any more retarded than the idea of god sending his son to
is it any more retarded than the idea of god sending his son to	yeah, it's way, way more retarded
yeah, it's way, way more retarded	well, now that you know our club secrets, it appears you 
well, now that you know our club secrets, it appears you 	we're not leaving without chef
we're not leaving without chef	if you choose not to leave, then i'm afraid we're just going to
if you choose not to leave, then i'm afraid we're just going to	we're not going anywhere without chef
we're not going anywhere without chef	cool people leave before they've overstayed their welcome
cool people leave before they've overstayed their welcome	all right, come on kids
all right, come on kids	no! hey!
no! hey!	haha! look they're being led out by security! haha!
haha! look they're being led out by security! haha!	no, you don't understand! they've got our friend in the
no, you don't understand! they've got our friend in the	this is their house and they don't want you here
this is their house and they don't want you here	sorry, dude, but this fruity little club isn't taking our
sorry, dude, but this fruity little club isn't taking our	and sex with eskimo children requires some special skills
and sex with eskimo children requires some special skills	chef, come on!
chef, come on!	children!
children!	get out of here!
get out of here!	kenny! spin blossom nut squash!
kenny! spin blossom nut squash!	(yeeeeehah!) 
(yeeeeehah!) 	come on, chef!
come on, chef!	i can't
i can't	here! 
here! 	run chef!
run chef!	what the-? impossible! i made them leave!
what the-? impossible! i made them leave!	get outside! 
get outside! 	stop them! 
stop them! 	children! run! 
children! run! 	stop! 
stop! 	we made it!
we made it!	don't you remember why you left south park in the first place?? 
don't you remember why you left south park in the first place?? 	chef, come on!
chef, come on!	you sought adventure! and why do people seek adventure? because
you sought adventure! and why do people seek adventure? because	yeah, he wanted adventure! not a bunch of ridiculous bullcrap!
yeah, he wanted adventure! not a bunch of ridiculous bullcrap!	don't forget all your training, chef! stay with us and your
don't forget all your training, chef! stay with us and your	chef, we love you
chef, we love you	i'm sorry children
i'm sorry children	no! chef, they've filled your head with lies! can't you see
no! chef, they've filled your head with lies! can't you see	get the hell out of here, children!!
get the hell out of here, children!!	yesss
yesss	chef! 
chef! 	ack
ack	no! 
no! 	a mountain lion! 
a mountain lion! 	we can't lose another member! shoot it! 
we can't lose another member! shoot it! 	ah!
ah!	all right, this! 
all right, this! 	chef! 
chef! 	a grizzly bear!
a grizzly bear!	oh my god
oh my god	you bastards
you bastards	pity
pity	maybe- maybe he's still okay
maybe- maybe he's still okay	pooot! 
pooot! 	oh never mind
oh never mind	come on, let's go
come on, let's go	we're all here today because chef has been such an important
we're all here today because chef has been such an important	yeah
yeah	he's right
he's right	and in the end, i know that somewhere out there
and in the end, i know that somewhere out there	is it working? is it working?
is it working? is it working?	yes
yes	get him in the icu suit! hurry!  we have done it! good! raise
get him in the icu suit! hurry!  we have done it! good! raise	hello there, children
hello there, children	yes, go on
yes, go on	and for desert, how would you children like to suck on my
and for desert, how would you children like to suck on my	oh? you mean like a chocolate candy?
oh? you mean like a chocolate candy?	no, i mean my balls
no, i mean my balls	yes, yes! hahahahahahaaa!
yes, yes! hahahahahahaaa!	hey there, richard!
hey there, richard!	oh, hey gerald
oh, hey gerald	yeah
yeah	well
well	oho
oho	well, there goes the new high-and-mighty gerald broflovski
well, there goes the new high-and-mighty gerald broflovski	yeah, ever since he got that new hybrid he thinks he's better
yeah, ever since he got that new hybrid he thinks he's better	you know, the emissions from a vehicle like yours causes
you know, the emissions from a vehicle like yours causes	dad, can we go home? all you ever do since you got this car is
dad, can we go home? all you ever do since you got this car is	hey, is that a hybrid?
hey, is that a hybrid?	oh yes
oh yes	yeah, i like to be a part of the solution and not part of the
yeah, i like to be a part of the solution and not part of the	thanks
thanks	dad, i think ike is starving to death
dad, i think ike is starving to death	hold on, boys
hold on, boys	what?!
what?!	okay, there's another one
okay, there's another one	dad, can we go home, please?
dad, can we go home, please?	look, there's a jeep over there! go write them a ticket, kyle!
look, there's a jeep over there! go write them a ticket, kyle!	but dad, i want-
but dad, i want-	now, kyle! 
now, kyle! 	oh hey kyle
oh hey kyle	aw, hey dude
aw, hey dude	helping my dad pick out some cool new power tools
helping my dad pick out some cool new power tools	helping my dad give people fake tickets
helping my dad give people fake tickets	what's this? 
what's this? 	oh! sorry randy
oh! sorry randy	a ticket? "failure to care about the environment" oh goddammit,
a ticket? "failure to care about the environment" oh goddammit,	yeah
yeah	you got some nerve, you know that?! where do you come off
you got some nerve, you know that?! where do you come off	well, randy, calm down
well, randy, calm down	i know it's not a real ticket!!
i know it's not a real ticket!!	broflovski, did you put this crap on my windshield?! 
broflovski, did you put this crap on my windshield?! 	jimbo, your truck probably gets less than ten miles to the
jimbo, your truck probably gets less than ten miles to the	well thanks, officer dickhole!
well thanks, officer dickhole!	dad, let's just go!
dad, let's just go!	look, i'm just trying to make the people of south park aware of
look, i'm just trying to make the people of south park aware of	the problem, gerald, is that ever since you got a hybrid car,
the problem, gerald, is that ever since you got a hybrid car,	oh! i'm sorry! i didn't think it was "high and mighty" to  care
oh! i'm sorry! i didn't think it was "high and mighty" to  care	and that too! stop talking with your eyes closed! that's what
and that too! stop talking with your eyes closed! that's what	well, i really don't see how  that has anything to do with the-
well, i really don't see how  that has anything to do with the-	there, like that! stop that!
there, like that! stop that!	who the hell put this faggy fake ticket on my truck!
who the hell put this faggy fake ticket on my truck!	all right, that does it! come on, kyle, i don't want you
all right, that does it! come on, kyle, i don't want you	yeah
yeah	dad
dad	yes, it certainly is
yes, it certainly is	we're thinking that a lot of people in town starting too
we're thinking that a lot of people in town starting too	take offense
take offense	
	alienated
alienated	
	well, i totally agree, kyle
well, i totally agree, kyle	you do??
you do??	yes
yes	righ!  okay, good
righ!  okay, good	and that's why,  i've talked it over with your mother, and 
and that's why,  i've talked it over with your mother, and 	what??
what??	we need to be where everyone is motivated and progressive like
we need to be where everyone is motivated and progressive like	yeah? 
yeah? 	uh hay, stan
uh hay, stan	going away party? what do you mean?
going away party? what do you mean?	well don't you know? kyle's movin' away
well don't you know? kyle's movin' away	moving away?? kyle can't move away!
moving away?? kyle can't move away!	well he is
well he is	where's the going-away party?
where's the going-away party?	at cartman's house
at cartman's house	hey everybody! there's more pop in the refrigerator
hey everybody! there's more pop in the refrigerator	hey eric, where's kyle?
hey eric, where's kyle?	who? 
who? 	kyle, the person leaving
kyle, the person leaving	kyle? why would i invite kyle?
kyle? why would i invite kyle?	dude, a going-away party is supposed to be for the person who
dude, a going-away party is supposed to be for the person who	kyle? kyle!
kyle? kyle!	kyle's not here
kyle's not here	what?!
what?!	you guys, this is our party
you guys, this is our party	kyle! du-what is going on?!
kyle! du-what is going on?!	my dad says he can't live here anymore
my dad says he can't live here anymore	mr
mr	i'm sorry, stan, but unfortunately you live in a small-minded
i'm sorry, stan, but unfortunately you live in a small-minded	well
well	i wouldn't count on it
i wouldn't count on it	nooo!
nooo!	maybe you can make a difference, stan
maybe you can make a difference, stan	i will
i will	well? what do you think, huh? 
well? what do you think, huh? 	oh gerald, it's beautiful
oh gerald, it's beautiful	yeah
yeah	oh hello there, you must be the new neighbors
oh hello there, you must be the new neighbors	yes that's right
yes that's right	welcome to san francisco
welcome to san francisco	oh it's gorgeous
oh it's gorgeous	yes, well, unlike most cities, in san francisco we try to  keep
yes, well, unlike most cities, in san francisco we try to  keep	you in here, peter?
you in here, peter?	oh hay, paul
oh hay, paul	hello there
hello there	hello
hello	we noticed your hybrid out front - that's a v series, right?
we noticed your hybrid out front - that's a v series, right?	yeah
yeah	whoa, nice car, but we're gonna have to get you into the bt
whoa, nice car, but we're gonna have to get you into the bt	wow, so, everyone here drives a hybrid, huh?
wow, so, everyone here drives a hybrid, huh?	oh, of course
oh, of course	yes, you'll find that san francisco is pretty much more
yes, you'll find that san francisco is pretty much more	yeah
yeah	come on, people
come on, people	dude, what are you doing?
dude, what are you doing?	i'm writing a song about the importance of hybrid cars, so
i'm writing a song about the importance of hybrid cars, so	that's gay, heh
that's gay, heh	well if i have any chance of getting kyle back, i have to get
well if i have any chance of getting kyle back, i have to get	why do you want kyle back?? don't you see how awesome it is
why do you want kyle back?? don't you see how awesome it is	you know, cartman, you may be stoked now, but i bet you're
you know, cartman, you may be stoked now, but i bet you're	psh! whatever dude
psh! whatever dude	yeah! i'm a dumb jew
yeah! i'm a dumb jew	come on, people
come on, people	all right, all you dreamers and creamers out there out there in
all right, all you dreamers and creamers out there out there in	come on now, people now people now'people now, come on now,
come on now, people now people now'people now, come on now,	he's right
he's right	we have all got to be people nowpeople-driving-hybrid people
we have all got to be people nowpeople-driving-hybrid people	yeah, i just wanted to  try to set an example, you know?
yeah, i just wanted to  try to set an example, you know?	thanks
thanks	can you believe some people still don't drive hybrids? 
can you believe some people still don't drive hybrids? 	i know! it's like "earth to america? hello? this is simple
i know! it's like "earth to america? hello? this is simple	well from now on, i'm only going to associate with other
well from now on, i'm only going to associate with other	good for you!
good for you!	thanks!
thanks!	at least we're smart enough to know better!
at least we're smart enough to know better!	thanks! 
thanks! 	come on, everybody be people now
come on, everybody be people now	and so we are here to honor stan marsh for making south park
and so we are here to honor stan marsh for making south park	if only the rest of the country  was as insightful as we are
if only the rest of the country  was as insightful as we are	ah, thanks
ah, thanks	great speech!
great speech!	yeah, well, you know my son is just  a little bit more clever
yeah, well, you know my son is just  a little bit more clever	hello there, i'm ranger mcfriendly
hello there, i'm ranger mcfriendly	yeah
yeah	uhh! 
uhh! 	ow!
ow!	you son of a bitch! do you have any idea what you've done?!
you son of a bitch! do you have any idea what you've done?!	what?!
what?!	come with me! 
come with me! 	there! look! 
there! look! 	smog? there's never been smog over south park before
smog? there's never been smog over south park before	don't you get it?! when people drive hybrid cars, they get so
don't you get it?! when people drive hybrid cars, they get so	smug?
smug?	hybrid cars make better for emission levels, but people who
hybrid cars make better for emission levels, but people who	this is a south park news weather bulletin!
this is a south park news weather bulletin!	it looks like we have a smug alert here in south park
it looks like we have a smug alert here in south park	thanks, tom, a smug alert is in effect at least tomorrow
thanks, tom, a smug alert is in effect at least tomorrow	a smuggy day in san francisco town
a smuggy day in san francisco town	sheila, did you meet gail and brian?
sheila, did you meet gail and brian?	no! hello, how are you?
no! hello, how are you?	really good, really good
really good, really good	hey there
hey there	actually, it's alain
actually, it's alain	right right, w-would, would you like red or white wine?
right right, w-would, would you like red or white wine?	can i just get an empty glass?
can i just get an empty glass?	oh
oh	can you believe all these imbeciles in texas? they just put
can you believe all these imbeciles in texas? they just put	so
so	we drink and take drugs
we drink and take drugs	do you want some acid?
do you want some acid?	oh, no thanks
oh, no thanks	you will
you will	it's the only thing that allows us to deal with our parents all
it's the only thing that allows us to deal with our parents all	everything okay in here, kyle?
everything okay in here, kyle?	yeah, fine, dad
yeah, fine, dad	so much better here with the intellectuals, isn't it, boys? 
so much better here with the intellectuals, isn't it, boys? 	well
well	i want three
i want three	no, no, i'm asking if there's a listing for broflovski in san
no, no, i'm asking if there's a listing for broflovski in san	haha! take that, jew boy! i guess you heebs can't even play
haha! take that, jew boy! i guess you heebs can't even play	yeah
yeah	you know butters, you make for a lousy jew
you know butters, you make for a lousy jew	well i'm sorry
well i'm sorry	no, no! don't apologize, you asshole!
no, no! don't apologize, you asshole!	marsh!
marsh!	oh crap, ranger mcfriendly
oh crap, ranger mcfriendly	who?
who?	you'd better come with me to the news station! our situation
you'd better come with me to the news station! our situation	i noticed it on the computer this morning
i noticed it on the computer this morning	the smug?
the smug?	the smug is getting so massive that it's moving west
the smug is getting so massive that it's moving west	what is that?
what is that?	it's the smug from george clooney's acceptance speech at the
it's the smug from george clooney's acceptance speech at the	george clooney's acceptance speech?
george clooney's acceptance speech?	did you hear it? he talked about how people in hollywood are
did you hear it? he talked about how people in hollywood are	we've got to tell the townspeople! south park still has a
we've got to tell the townspeople! south park still has a	what about san francisco?
what about san francisco?	kid, thanks to your gay little song, there's not gonna be a san
kid, thanks to your gay little song, there's not gonna be a san	soo, that's it people
soo, that's it people	are you trying to tell us the smug from our hybrids is actually
are you trying to tell us the smug from our hybrids is actually	if the smug clouds remain the way they are, yes
if the smug clouds remain the way they are, yes	this is all stan's fault! he wrote that gay little song and got
this is all stan's fault! he wrote that gay little song and got	yeah
yeah	listen! though we all agree this is stan's fault, there is
listen! though we all agree this is stan's fault, there is	then that's it
then that's it	everyone get your hybrid and meet at dawson's! 
everyone get your hybrid and meet at dawson's! 	hey, where do you think you're going?!
hey, where do you think you're going?!	i'm gonna try and warn kyle to get out of san francisco
i'm gonna try and warn kyle to get out of san francisco	oh no you're not! your gay little song got us to drive hybrids;
oh no you're not! your gay little song got us to drive hybrids;	how long do we have until the smug clouds collide?
how long do we have until the smug clouds collide?	not long
not long	the hell is that? 
the hell is that? 	wow, eric
wow, eric	i don't have a choice
i don't have a choice	but
but	you don't know san francisco, butters
you don't know san francisco, butters	i will
i will	i'm not doin' it for kyle
i'm not doin' it for kyle	all right
all right	can't somebody else operate this? i can't really reach
can't somebody else operate this? i can't really reach	well then you shouldn't have written that gay little song,
well then you shouldn't have written that gay little song,	they're dropping, slowly, but
they're dropping, slowly, but	yeah, it's like, san francisco is more of a european city, like
yeah, it's like, san francisco is more of a european city, like	butters, are you there?!
butters, are you there?!	i'm here, eric
i'm here, eric	i've started to enter the smug
i've started to enter the smug	you must be nearing union square
you must be nearing union square	yes
yes	wait, uhh, eh take your next right
wait, uhh, eh take your next right	turning right at o two four niner
turning right at o two four niner	that's it
that's it	keenan? keenan, we've smashed the last hybrid!
keenan? keenan, we've smashed the last hybrid!	harry, the smug from clooney's speech is about to hit the other
harry, the smug from clooney's speech is about to hit the other	butters?! butters, i think i'm here! 2419 castillo?!
butters?! butters, i think i'm here! 2419 castillo?!	that's it! eric, hurry! somethin's goin' on out here!
that's it! eric, hurry! somethin's goin' on out here!	mr
mr	being smug is a good thing
being smug is a good thing	oh my christ!  kyle? kyle!
oh my christ!  kyle? kyle!	the acid
the acid	i'm totally tripping balls
i'm totally tripping balls	we have to get out of here! now!  kyle! kyle!! 
we have to get out of here! now!  kyle! kyle!! 	and now, the worst appears to be over
and now, the worst appears to be over	no
no	i'm sorry, stan
i'm sorry, stan	hey! hey, stan! you're not gonna believe it! you've gotta come
hey! hey, stan! you're not gonna believe it! you've gotta come	what?
what?	it's a miracle!
it's a miracle!	kyle!
kyle!	hey stan
hey stan	dude, what happened?? 
dude, what happened?? 	we don't know
we don't know	it's like you had a guardian angel, m'kay? 
it's like you had a guardian angel, m'kay? 	dude, i'm so glad you're not dead
dude, i'm so glad you're not dead	so i guess there's nothing left to do now but
so i guess there's nothing left to do now but	yeah
yeah	and let's make sure nobody gets a stupid hybrid, right? 
and let's make sure nobody gets a stupid hybrid, right? 	no! hybrid cars are a good thing!
no! hybrid cars are a good thing!	but hybrid cars are the leading cause of smug, m'kay?
but hybrid cars are the leading cause of smug, m'kay?	hybrid cars don't cause smugness, people do
hybrid cars don't cause smugness, people do	you mean
you mean	yeah!
yeah!	i'm
i'm	i don't think i can do it either
i don't think i can do it either	it's simply asking too much
it's simply asking too much	perhaps
perhaps	come on, everybody! let's go buy wasteful gas guzzlers! 
come on, everybody! let's go buy wasteful gas guzzlers! 	well, looks like you're back for good, huh kyle?
well, looks like you're back for good, huh kyle?	yeah, i guess so
yeah, i guess so	we just can't get rid of you, can we, you sneaky jew rat!
we just can't get rid of you, can we, you sneaky jew rat!	don't belittle my people, you fucking fatass! 
don't belittle my people, you fucking fatass! 	ah, that's better
ah, that's better	but the bubble gum prince wasn't afraid
but the bubble gum prince wasn't afraid	staaan!!
staaan!!	what?? what??
what?? what??	get up! get your shoes on! gotta get out of here! moove!  take
get up! get your shoes on! gotta get out of here! moove!  take	whats going on dad?
whats going on dad?	just get the gun!! 
just get the gun!! 	unh, come on! 
unh, come on! 	awwwgh!
awwwgh!	oh nooo! 
oh nooo! 	kyle! what the hell is going on this time?!
kyle! what the hell is going on this time?!	i have no idea!
i have no idea!	take cover in the community center again!
take cover in the community center again!	all right, everyone get in and get a seal on that door!
all right, everyone get in and get a seal on that door!	oh my god, stephen, we've left butters
oh my god, stephen, we've left butters	we can't go back out, linda! it's too late for him!
we can't go back out, linda! it's too late for him!	dad?  dad, what the hell is going on?! 
dad?  dad, what the hell is going on?! 	a cartoon
a cartoon	sso?
sso?	so?! stanley, mohammad is sacred to the muslim people
so?! stanley, mohammad is sacred to the muslim people	which cartoon is it? what cartoon'll be so insensitive as to
which cartoon is it? what cartoon'll be so insensitive as to	who do you think?! the cartoon that's always pushing buttons
who do you think?! the cartoon that's always pushing buttons	awww!
awww!	how could family guy do that?
how could family guy do that?	why would family guy so blatantly insult muslims?
why would family guy so blatantly insult muslims?	because family guy doesn't care who they insult! they only care
because family guy doesn't care who they insult! they only care	oh come on, people
oh come on, people	wu-we've got the tv working! 
wu-we've got the tv working! 	once again, a cartoon depicting the muslim prophet mohammad is
once again, a cartoon depicting the muslim prophet mohammad is	oh randy, hold me
oh randy, hold me	the news has already sparked a shockwave of protests throughout
the news has already sparked a shockwave of protests throughout	we are so super pissed off at 'family guy'
we are so super pissed off at 'family guy'	so what happens now?
so what happens now?	we stay here through the night, wait it out to see if they do
we stay here through the night, wait it out to see if they do	it's okay! 
it's okay! 	we're alive?? we're alive! 
we're alive?? we're alive! 	everyone
everyone	oh thank god
oh thank god	well, it looks like we've dodged a bullet
well, it looks like we've dodged a bullet	they censored the image of mohammad? how?
they censored the image of mohammad? how?	i tivo every episode
i tivo every episode	okay you guys, check it out
okay you guys, check it out	you tivo every episode of family guy?
you tivo every episode of family guy?	dude, it's a good show
dude, it's a good show	yeah, lots of people like family guy
yeah, lots of people like family guy	yich
yich	peter, i can't believe you invited your old high-school
peter, i can't believe you invited your old high-school	you think that's bad? remember when i auditioned to be david
you think that's bad? remember when i auditioned to be david	hey there, knight rider
hey there, knight rider	after those bad guys, kitt! 
after those bad guys, kitt! 	yeah, but dad, why would you invite an ex-girlfriend to dinner?
yeah, but dad, why would you invite an ex-girlfriend to dinner?	perhaps he wants to make our mother nervous
perhaps he wants to make our mother nervous	nervous? like when i had to sell pancakes to the school soccer
nervous? like when i had to sell pancakes to the school soccer	pancakes for you, captain?
pancakes for you, captain?	i'll be the captain, and you'll be tenille
i'll be the captain, and you'll be tenille	love will keep us together
love will keep us together	hehaha, heh
hehaha, heh	yich
yich	but peter, i don't wanna cook dinner for your ex-girlfriend
but peter, i don't wanna cook dinner for your ex-girlfriend	well, maybe we can just have tea
well, maybe we can just have tea	you mean like the time you had tea with mohammad, the prophet
you mean like the time you had tea with mohammad, the prophet	come on, mohammad, let's get some tea
come on, mohammad, let's get some tea	try my "mr
try my "mr	oh boy, was that ever weird
oh boy, was that ever weird	that's it? that's all they did?
that's it? that's all they did?	oh man, that's not cool! seriously, that is not cool
oh man, that's not cool! seriously, that is not cool	what? what's the big deal?
what? what's the big deal?	what's the big deal? you guys, they just made fun of the
what's the big deal? you guys, they just made fun of the	since when you care about being sensitive to people's religion,
since when you care about being sensitive to people's religion,	yeah, you rip on people's religion all the time!
yeah, you rip on people's religion all the time!	that's different! i'm just a little boy! that's a cartoon!
that's different! i'm just a little boy! that's a cartoon!	uhhh
uhhh	i'm telling you guys, it's wrong! it's wrong!!  it's wrong! 
i'm telling you guys, it's wrong! it's wrong!!  it's wrong! 	kyle? kyle, what are you watchi-?!
kyle? kyle, what are you watchi-?!	hey brian, this is like the time i got a job as a carrot cake
hey brian, this is like the time i got a job as a carrot cake	gaaah! it's family guy! quick, gerald, do something! 
gaaah! it's family guy! quick, gerald, do something! 	dad, dad, jesus christ!
dad, dad, jesus christ!	it's okay
it's okay	you boys know you're not supposed to watch that careless show!
you boys know you're not supposed to watch that careless show!	mom, it was nothing
mom, it was nothing	you boys don't understand anything! it's obvious that you all
you boys don't understand anything! it's obvious that you all	welcome to muslim-sensitivity training
welcome to muslim-sensitivity training	no, muslims can't show an image of mohammad
no, muslims can't show an image of mohammad	kyle, you're not being very sensitive
kyle, you're not being very sensitive	yeah, kyle
yeah, kyle	let's all look at why muslims are upset:  first of all, in the
let's all look at why muslims are upset:  first of all, in the	mrs
mrs	
	attention students: proceed to the school gymnasium immediately
attention students: proceed to the school gymnasium immediately	the hell's going on now?!
the hell's going on now?!	shh! quiet, students, quiet!
shh! quiet, students, quiet!	once again: we have just learned that the family guy episode
once again: we have just learned that the family guy episode	what?
what?	why would they-?
why would they-?	fox studios claims that the family guy writing staff has
fox studios claims that the family guy writing staff has	family guy is our biggest show
family guy is our biggest show	family guy!!!  i damn you to hell!!!
family guy!!!  i damn you to hell!!!	once again, bitter riots have started in the middle east; this
once again, bitter riots have started in the middle east; this	seriously, 'family guy' isn't even that well written
seriously, 'family guy' isn't even that well written	retaliation
retaliation	goddamned family guy! now they're just provoking people! it's
goddamned family guy! now they're just provoking people! it's	does this mean we don't have school all week?
does this mean we don't have school all week?	you guys, this is serious! we have to do something!
you guys, this is serious! we have to do something!	(like what?)
(like what?)	we have to go to the fox network in l
we have to go to the fox network in l	dude, we can't go anywhere
dude, we can't go anywhere	then we'll ride our big wheels
then we'll ride our big wheels	to los angeles?
to los angeles?	if that's what it takes, yes! we have to talk to the network!
if that's what it takes, yes! we have to talk to the network!	well good for them
well good for them	intimidated?! is that what you think this is about, kyle?
intimidated?! is that what you think this is about, kyle?	all right dude, what the hell has gotten into you?! i don't
all right dude, what the hell has gotten into you?! i don't	all right, fine, kyle
all right, fine, kyle	kyle! kyle, wake up!  we have to go! the terrorists are
kyle! kyle, wake up!  we have to go! the terrorists are	dad? are you sure there's time?
dad? are you sure there's time?	this isn't a joke, kyle! bombs have already gone off in six
this isn't a joke, kyle! bombs have already gone off in six	no!
no!	wait a minute!  where's ike?!
wait a minute!  where's ike?!	he was just here! ike!
he was just here! ike!	ike! 
ike! 	ike? iiike!  ike! 
ike? iiike!  ike! 	ice cream
ice cream	ike!  this way!  iiike! 
ike!  this way!  iiike! 	kyyyle!
kyyyle!	nooooo! 
nooooo! 	come to try and stop me?!  it isn't gonna work
come to try and stop me?!  it isn't gonna work	i didn't come to stop you
i didn't come to stop you	yeah well, i don't need a partner on this
yeah well, i don't need a partner on this	look, cartman, i don't know what's gotten into you, but
look, cartman, i don't know what's gotten into you, but	yeah
yeah	it's a long trip, dude
it's a long trip, dude	you know we might not even make it into the studio
you know we might not even make it into the studio	i know
i know	so what made you change your mind?
so what made you change your mind?	i got some sound advice
i got some sound advice	well kyle, we'd better get going
well kyle, we'd better get going	yeah! 
yeah! 	are you set?
are you set?	i'm set! let's do this!
i'm set! let's do this!	all right, let's roll! 
all right, let's roll! 	people! people, quiet, please!  we must not panic!
people! people, quiet, please!  we must not panic!	well what are we gonna do, mayor?! part 2 of the family guy
well what are we gonna do, mayor?! part 2 of the family guy	i believe that professor thomas from the university has come up
i believe that professor thomas from the university has come up	thank you, mayor
thank you, mayor	so how do we do that?
so how do we do that?	we bury our heads
we bury our heads	no, no, wait a minute,  that's ridiculous
no, no, wait a minute,  that's ridiculous	i like the sand idea
i like the sand idea	yeah, me too
yeah, me too	yeah
yeah	we're gonna need eight dozen shovels and sixteen tons of sand!
we're gonna need eight dozen shovels and sixteen tons of sand!	we got six days to make it to los angeles
we got six days to make it to los angeles	yes, and in just a few weeks from now, family guy will be off
yes, and in just a few weeks from now, family guy will be off	off the air? but
off the air? but	it's simple television economics, kyle
it's simple television economics, kyle	whoa whoa wait a minute!  this isn't what i signed up for! i
whoa whoa wait a minute!  this isn't what i signed up for! i	because they made f-fun of muslims, and and that's wrong
because they made f-fun of muslims, and and that's wrong	but that doesn't mean it has to go off the air
but that doesn't mean it has to go off the air	don't you ever, ever, compare me to family guy! you hear me
don't you ever, ever, compare me to family guy! you hear me	you unbelievable son of a bitch
you unbelievable son of a bitch	do you have any idea what it's like?! everywhere i go, "hey
do you have any idea what it's like?! everywhere i go, "hey	what are you talking about?!
what are you talking about?!	you don't understand!
you don't understand!	i can't believe i let you scare me into taking your side
i can't believe i let you scare me into taking your side	well
well	no!  i am not letting you go to that television studio and
no!  i am not letting you go to that television studio and	well then kyle, i guess we- 
well then kyle, i guess we- 	what?  cartman! 
what?  cartman! 	kyle, stop it!
kyle, stop it!	holy crap! 
holy crap! 	ahhh!
ahhh!	stay on 'em!  jesus, mary! 
stay on 'em!  jesus, mary! 	if you have children, be sure to bury their heads in the sand
if you have children, be sure to bury their heads in the sand	dad, i don't wanna bury my head in the sand
dad, i don't wanna bury my head in the sand	it's the best say, stanley
it's the best say, stanley	yeah
yeah	all right, make sure your snorkel is working
all right, make sure your snorkel is working	dad, this is stupid
dad, this is stupid	stanley, there's no time for your immaturity! do it!  all right
stanley, there's no time for your immaturity! do it!  all right	uh professor, we all just thought of somethin'
uh professor, we all just thought of somethin'	yes
yes	i'll do it
i'll do it	dylan, no!
dylan, no!	you realize by not burying your head in sand, you'll appear to
you realize by not burying your head in sand, you'll appear to	yes, i know
yes, i know	dylan, please, you can't!
dylan, please, you can't!	somebody has to do it, sarah
somebody has to do it, sarah	who are those people?
who are those people?	no!  aaaah!  aaaah! 
no!  aaaah!  aaaah! 	hahahaha! so long, kyle!
hahahaha! so long, kyle!	you son of a bitch! i won't let you win! you hear me?!
you son of a bitch! i won't let you win! you hear me?!	suck mah balls, kyle! 
suck mah balls, kyle! 	are you the network president?
are you the network president?	yes, mr
yes, mr	we need to discuss this family guy episode, mr
we need to discuss this family guy episode, mr	mr
mr	but mr
but mr	mr
mr	next week on south park: the race continues
next week on south park: the race continues	this
this	as an entire nation buries its head in sand
as an entire nation buries its head in sand	the idea has swept the nation! but where will we find enough
the idea has swept the nation! but where will we find enough	
	kyle, quit it! stop it, kyle!
kyle, quit it! stop it, kyle!	will the cartoon be allowed to appear uncensored? will family
will the cartoon be allowed to appear uncensored? will family	previously on south park
previously on south park	the popular cartoon, family guy, is going to show the image of
the popular cartoon, family guy, is going to show the image of	if we all bury our heads in sand,  we can avoid being any part
if we all bury our heads in sand,  we can avoid being any part	i'm gonna do whatever i can
i'm gonna do whatever i can	you just want family guy off the air
you just want family guy off the air	kyle, stop it!
kyle, stop it!	so long, kyle!
so long, kyle!	you son of a bitch! i won't let you win!
you son of a bitch! i won't let you win!	mr
mr	and now, the thrilling conclusion of
and now, the thrilling conclusion of	say terrance, isn't it wonderful having a holiday here at the
say terrance, isn't it wonderful having a holiday here at the	it sure is, phillip
it sure is, phillip	oh, look who's coming! isn't that mohammad, the holy prophet of
oh, look who's coming! isn't that mohammad, the holy prophet of	hey guys, how's it going?
hey guys, how's it going?	hello mohammad, we've read all aboat you in the koran
hello mohammad, we've read all aboat you in the koran	i'm here to investigate a murder
i'm here to investigate a murder	all right, just what the hell is going on here??!!
all right, just what the hell is going on here??!!	you censored out the image of mohammad in our television
you censored out the image of mohammad in our television	ey! you guys know the rules! nobody can show the image of
ey! you guys know the rules! nobody can show the image of	but you ruined the whole show!
but you ruined the whole show!	look, i'm not gonna risk the lives of the people at this
look, i'm not gonna risk the lives of the people at this	we demand you rerun mystery at the lazy "j" ranch with mohammad
we demand you rerun mystery at the lazy "j" ranch with mohammad	ey! i run this network, not you guys! and if you ask me, your
ey! i run this network, not you guys! and if you ask me, your	but family guy is going to show mohammad on an episode that
but family guy is going to show mohammad on an episode that	i doubt it! i'll bet that right now, somebody is on their way
i doubt it! i'll bet that right now, somebody is on their way	ma'am, i need to speak to the president of this network right
ma'am, i need to speak to the president of this network right	what is it regarding?
what is it regarding?	it's regarding family guy
it's regarding family guy	o
o	dude, can i go before you?
dude, can i go before you?	eat my shorts!
eat my shorts!	what the hell is going on?  hello?  excuse me, i need to get to
what the hell is going on?  hello?  excuse me, i need to get to	
	"family guy" better not show mohammad tonight
"family guy" better not show mohammad tonight	osama bin laden had this to say:
osama bin laden had this to say:	if you look closely at the writing in "family guy", you will
if you look closely at the writing in "family guy", you will	bin laden went on to say that if family guy shows the image of
bin laden went on to say that if family guy shows the image of	you one of them?
you one of them?	who?
who?	how come your head ain't in the sand? 
how come your head ain't in the sand? 	so
so	i hate family guy
i hate family guy	so what's your plan? you're gonna ask the president of the
so what's your plan? you're gonna ask the president of the	not nicely
not nicely	look, kid, if you hate a tv show, all you have to do is get an
look, kid, if you hate a tv show, all you have to do is get an	cool, man
cool, man	yes
yes	isn't that like, terrorism?
isn't that like, terrorism?	
	i could do that
i could do that	this is manipulation at its highest lever; you should let me
this is manipulation at its highest lever; you should let me	i'm a pretty bad kid
i'm a pretty bad kid	really? what's the worst thing you've ever done?
really? what's the worst thing you've ever done?	i stole the head off a statue once
i stole the head off a statue once	wow, that's pretty hardcore
wow, that's pretty hardcore	you got it, man
you got it, man	seeya
seeya	i want to assure the american people that as president, i have
i want to assure the american people that as president, i have	mr
mr	mr
mr	i have come to
i have come to	mr
mr	what exactly did you learn about the family guy writing staff,
what exactly did you learn about the family guy writing staff,	i'm afraid that information is classified
i'm afraid that information is classified	awww!!!  mr
awww!!!  mr	mr
mr	couldn't you throw them in prison? 
couldn't you throw them in prison? 	look! the fact of the matter is the family guy writing staff is
look! the fact of the matter is the family guy writing staff is	and what exactly is this first amendment, mr
and what exactly is this first amendment, mr	uh you know, the right to free speech
uh you know, the right to free speech	awww!!! 
awww!!! 	mr
mr	well
well	what do you intend to do about this "first amendment," mr
what do you intend to do about this "first amendment," mr	forgive me, mr
forgive me, mr	yeah!
yeah!	that's right!
that's right!	okay, let's discuss the fall lineup
okay, let's discuss the fall lineup	sir, there's still one little boy out here who wants to speak
sir, there's still one little boy out here who wants to speak	all right, let's get this over with
all right, let's get this over with	hello, gentlemen, ladies
hello, gentlemen, ladies	oh, poor kid
oh, poor kid	you see, my father worked for a newspaper in my native country
you see, my father worked for a newspaper in my native country	i feel terrible
i feel terrible	sir, if we pull the episode, the family guy writing staff will
sir, if we pull the episode, the family guy writing staff will	little boy, will you talk to the family guy writing staff? if
little boy, will you talk to the family guy writing staff? if	i'll certainly do my best
i'll certainly do my best	take this noble child over to the family guy offices
take this noble child over to the family guy offices	yes, and then family guy is as good as dead
yes, and then family guy is as good as dead	what was that?
what was that?	i i said "thank you
i i said "thank you	thanks a lot for the ride
thanks a lot for the ride	ey, it's the least i could do
ey, it's the least i could do	i'll do everything i can
i'll do everything i can	i mean, i know it's just joke after joke, but i like that
i mean, i know it's just joke after joke, but i like that	excuse me
excuse me	who wants to know?!
who wants to know?!	look, my fat bastard friend is trying to trick the network into
look, my fat bastard friend is trying to trick the network into	the network president's office is in there! 
the network president's office is in there! 	oh thanks, dude
oh thanks, dude	no problem, man
no problem, man	hello? this can't be right, i-  ow!
hello? this can't be right, i-  ow!	cowabunga, motherfucker!
cowabunga, motherfucker!	hello mitchell
hello mitchell	oh hi, miss travis
oh hi, miss travis	the president has asked that little danny pocket here speak
the president has asked that little danny pocket here speak	are you
are you	it won't take long, sir
it won't take long, sir	all right, i'll take him back
all right, i'll take him back	yes, i'm totally excited
yes, i'm totally excited	well, here we are
well, here we are	wha?  what are they?
wha?  what are they?	they're manatees
they're manatees	family guy is written by manatees?  of course, it all makes
family guy is written by manatees?  of course, it all makes	they really are brilliant creatures
they really are brilliant creatures	peter, you didn't do the laundry today
peter, you didn't do the laundry today	you think that's bad? remember the time i won a date to mexico
you think that's bad? remember the time i won a date to mexico	qu pasa, seores?
qu pasa, seores?	whatchoo talkin' 'bout, willis?
whatchoo talkin' 'bout, willis?	waitwaitaminute waitaminute
waitwaitaminute waitaminute	when fox censored the image of mohammad last week, it also
when fox censored the image of mohammad last week, it also	oh
oh	that isn't gonna work on them
that isn't gonna work on them	why not?
why not?	don't you know anything about manatees? they're the only
don't you know anything about manatees? they're the only	son of a bitch
son of a bitch	let me out of here, kid! why are you doing this?
let me out of here, kid! why are you doing this?	well well well! 
well well well! 	cartman!
cartman!	hello, kyle
hello, kyle	you fat sun of a bitch!
you fat sun of a bitch!	you came so close to stopping me, didn't you, kyle
you came so close to stopping me, didn't you, kyle	yeah
yeah	well, a lot of people like family guy too! who are you to
well, a lot of people like family guy too! who are you to	shut up!  you shut your fucking face, man!  did it work? did
shut up!  you shut your fucking face, man!  did it work? did	not yet! but i've come up with a new plan
not yet! but i've come up with a new plan	cool man!
cool man!	cartman, let me out of this stupid net!!
cartman, let me out of this stupid net!!	good, kyle! that's good anger you're showin' there! see that?!
good, kyle! that's good anger you're showin' there! see that?!	what?!
what?!	i don't understand it
i don't understand it	we don't know, mr
we don't know, mr	but, nobody took any idea balls out of the tank, did they?
but, nobody took any idea balls out of the tank, did they?	no sir, none of us did
no sir, none of us did	then why are they refusing to write? i agreed to show mohammad
then why are they refusing to write? i agreed to show mohammad	sir! sir!  if you don't my saying, i think you asked for this
sir! sir!  if you don't my saying, i think you asked for this	you're right
you're right	twenty-five minutes
twenty-five minutes	i gotta hurry! 
i gotta hurry! 	i did it
i did it	family guy is going off the air! no more family guy for me, mon
family guy is going off the air! no more family guy for me, mon	cartman!!  you fucking fatass!
cartman!!  you fucking fatass!	how the hell did you get out?
how the hell did you get out?	that kid and i had a long talk! i told him he was on a slippery
that kid and i had a long talk! i told him he was on a slippery	aw, god damnit, you gave him one of your gay little speeches,
aw, god damnit, you gave him one of your gay little speeches,	you are not killing family guy!!
you are not killing family guy!!	you're too late, kyle! the president of the network is pulling
you're too late, kyle! the president of the network is pulling	there's still time to tell the network president you're full of
there's still time to tell the network president you're full of	i can't let you do that!
i can't let you do that!	get out of my way or i'll kick your ass!
get out of my way or i'll kick your ass!	fine, kyle
fine, kyle	ow
ow	ow
ow	stop it!
stop it!	ow
ow	ow
ow	no more timeouts, fatass!
no more timeouts, fatass!	time out! time out! time out, kyle! ay! ay!
time out! time out! time out, kyle! ay! ay!	kyle! kyle! get the
kyle! kyle! get the	thanks, kid
thanks, kid	network control! this is the president! i want you to pull the
network control! this is the president! i want you to pull the	what?  mr
what?  mr	i'm sure
i'm sure	abort system initiated
abort system initiated	awaiting confirmation
awaiting confirmation	mr
mr	president approval code  0-0-destruct-
president approval code  0-0-destruct-	sir! mister television executive! stop!
sir! mister television executive! stop!	who are you?
who are you?	listen to me: the little boy who convinced you to pull the
listen to me: the little boy who convinced you to pull the	the end of family guy?
the end of family guy?	mr
mr	hold on, julie!  what are you talking about, kid?
hold on, julie!  what are you talking about, kid?	pulling an episode because someone is offended starts a chain
pulling an episode because someone is offended starts a chain	you mean
you mean	what manatees??!! 
what manatees??!! 	go ahead, mr
go ahead, mr	no! you have to show mohammad, mr
no! you have to show mohammad, mr	mr
mr	sir, just think about what you're doing to free speech!
sir, just think about what you're doing to free speech!	no! think about the people who could get hurt!
no! think about the people who could get hurt!	ah
ah	okay, i'll make it easy for you
okay, i'll make it easy for you	okay, i'll listen to you
okay, i'll listen to you	noo! wait! you can't listen to him! he's a lying deceitful
noo! wait! you can't listen to him! he's a lying deceitful	but he has a gun
but he has a gun	you can't do what he wants just because he's the one
you can't do what he wants just because he's the one	shut up, kyle!
shut up, kyle!	i can't be responsible for people getting hurt
i can't be responsible for people getting hurt	yes, people can get hurt
yes, people can get hurt	give the orders to pull the episode, mr
give the orders to pull the episode, mr	i shouldn't even be in the office still
i shouldn't even be in the office still	mr
mr	do the right thing, mr
do the right thing, mr	how about i allow the episode to air but, just censor out the
how about i allow the episode to air but, just censor out the	i wish that was good enough, but if you censor out mohammad,
i wish that was good enough, but if you censor out mohammad,	no gay speeches, kyle!
no gay speeches, kyle!	if you don't show mohammad, then you've made a distinction what
if you don't show mohammad, then you've made a distinction what	five seconds, mr
five seconds, mr	do the right thing
do the right thing	mr
mr	family guy goes on air as planned
family guy goes on air as planned	yes! 
yes! 	no! no, i hate family guy!! 
no! no, i hate family guy!! 	air it! 
air it! 	peter! you got a pink slip at work?
peter! you got a pink slip at work?	you think that's bad? remember the time i got a salmon helmet
you think that's bad? remember the time i got a salmon helmet	coming mohammad
coming mohammad	wow, a salmon helmet! thanks! 
wow, a salmon helmet! thanks! 	anyway, what were we talking about?
anyway, what were we talking about?	oh yeah, my pink slip
oh yeah, my pink slip	hey, that wasn't bad at all
hey, that wasn't bad at all	mr
mr	what?!
what?!	or the time i- 
or the time i- 	as soon as the image of mohammad appeared, terrorist leader
as soon as the image of mohammad appeared, terrorist leader	we warned you not to show mohammad- but "family guy" did it
we warned you not to show mohammad- but "family guy" did it	hello, i am american
hello, i am american	i'm american too
i'm american too	we like to crap own each other
we like to crap own each other	hello, i am the president bush
hello, i am the president bush	ugh! we love to crap!
ugh! we love to crap!	i'm american
i'm american	let's crap
let's crap	look at me! i'm jesus! would you like me to crap on you, mr
look at me! i'm jesus! would you like me to crap on you, mr	mmm, yummy yummy crap
mmm, yummy yummy crap	oh yeah, take that! we burned you! that was way funnier than
oh yeah, take that! we burned you! that was way funnier than	hi, welcome to p
hi, welcome to p	chris, the people at table 3 need their check
chris, the people at table 3 need their check	i know
i know	well what about the new waiter?
well what about the new waiter?	the new waiter is useless
the new waiter is useless	how spicy would you like your chang sauce?
how spicy would you like your chang sauce?	will you just place our order, please?
will you just place our order, please?	oh man, i have no idea what's goin' on
oh man, i have no idea what's goin' on	everything okay here?
everything okay here?	fine, except this towel has been mixing chang sauce for fifteen
fine, except this towel has been mixing chang sauce for fifteen	don't call me shoeless! you're shoeless!
don't call me shoeless! you're shoeless!	yeah? well you're a towel!
yeah? well you're a towel!	you're a towel!
you're a towel!	all right, that's it! get out of here! you're fired!
all right, that's it! get out of here! you're fired!	yeah!
yeah!	not him, you!
not him, you!	awww
awww	aw man, i really screwed up this time
aw man, i really screwed up this time	a million little fibersbytoweleeeiethis is a really good idea
a million little fibersbytoweleeeiethis is a really good idea	aha
aha	yep! and it's all true
yep! and it's all true	chapters 4 through 8, however, seem to all be about doritos
chapters 4 through 8, however, seem to all be about doritos	i guess i could edit those chapters down some
i guess i could edit those chapters down some	don't bother
don't bother	huh? why not?
huh? why not?	well, just the small trivial fact that
well, just the small trivial fact that	wull yeah, but, maybe people will read my memoirs and like,
wull yeah, but, maybe people will read my memoirs and like,	no
no	you're a towel!
you're a towel!	no
no	now what am i gonna do? i gotta pay rent and i just wasted
now what am i gonna do? i gotta pay rent and i just wasted	but you have to think of somethin' fast, an' gettin' high makes
but you have to think of somethin' fast, an' gettin' high makes	all right, i'll just use my special gettin'-high powers one
all right, i'll just use my special gettin'-high powers one	all my life i've been a pretty irresponsible towel
all my life i've been a pretty irresponsible towel	ogh
ogh	mctowelie
mctowelie	it's heartbreaking passages like this one: "i am a person who
it's heartbreaking passages like this one: "i am a person who	
	right, i'm sorry
right, i'm sorry	all right!
all right!	thank you so much
thank you so much	well, i guess i'm just an extra-special tow-  person
well, i guess i'm just an extra-special tow-  person	you talk in your book how you would sometimes have to spend
you talk in your book how you would sometimes have to spend	oh god, there she goes again, babblin' about people's lives and
oh god, there she goes again, babblin' about people's lives and	
	nobody knows what it's like to be oprah's minge
nobody knows what it's like to be oprah's minge	well steven, your book hasn't sold a lot of copies yet, but i
well steven, your book hasn't sold a lot of copies yet, but i	used to be a time when oprah would play with me night and day
used to be a time when oprah would play with me night and day	and so, steven, i'm making your book my official book of the
and so, steven, i'm making your book my official book of the	really?  wow
really?  wow	uh huh, okay
uh huh, okay	can't take it anymore
can't take it anymore	oh stop your complainin'! i'm tryin' to sleep back here
oh stop your complainin'! i'm tryin' to sleep back here	ay, 'oo's that? is that you, gary?
ay, 'oo's that? is that you, gary?	yes it's me
yes it's me	oh, what do you care? you're just an asshole
oh, what do you care? you're just an asshole	assholes need stimulation too, you bastard! i want to travel
assholes need stimulation too, you bastard! i want to travel	she's a workaholic
she's a workaholic	well that'll never happen
well that'll never happen	not unless she gets fired
not unless she gets fired	fired
fired	that bloke on the show today, the one oprah supported
that bloke on the show today, the one oprah supported	ooo
ooo	i'm a minge
i'm a minge	'ow do we get proof?
'ow do we get proof?	we get somebody else to do it
we get somebody else to do it	mr
mr	what is it, dimitri?
what is it, dimitri?	there's somebody on the phone to speak with you
there's somebody on the phone to speak with you	thith ith geraldo
thith ith geraldo	'allo 'eraldo
'allo 'eraldo	who am i thpeaking with?!
who am i thpeaking with?!	'e wants to know who 'e's speakin' with
'e wants to know who 'e's speakin' with	let's just say i work very closely with oprah
let's just say i work very closely with oprah	what information do you have?
what information do you have?	what'd 'e say?
what'd 'e say?	he wants to know what information we have
he wants to know what information we have	just tell me wha' 'e says, gary! don't wait for me 'o ask you
just tell me wha' 'e says, gary! don't wait for me 'o ask you	stop wastin' my time
stop wastin' my time	ay, don't get snooty with me, gary!
ay, don't get snooty with me, gary!	i didn't say "stop wastin' my time," geraldo did
i didn't say "stop wastin' my time," geraldo did	what ith going on here?!
what ith going on here?!	oh all right gary, this isn't workin'
oh all right gary, this isn't workin'	hallo?
hallo?	who ith thith?
who ith thith?	this is gary
this is gary	gary who?! what is your last name?!
gary who?! what is your last name?!	don't give away your name
don't give away your name	a'right, look
a'right, look	aw you stupid twit!!
aw you stupid twit!!	don't call me a twit, geraldo!
don't call me a twit, geraldo!	he didn't call you "stupid twit," i did!! now just tell 'im
he didn't call you "stupid twit," i did!! now just tell 'im	the writer of the book on oprah's book of the month club is a
the writer of the book on oprah's book of the month club is a	a towel? a talking towel? that doethn't make any thenthe
a towel? a talking towel? that doethn't make any thenthe	tell 'im 'e'd be surprised at things that can talk
tell 'im 'e'd be surprised at things that can talk	you'd be surprised at things that can talk
you'd be surprised at things that can talk	what proof do you have of this accusation?!
what proof do you have of this accusation?!	just look into the author of "a million little fiyabers," and
just look into the author of "a million little fiyabers," and	and how do i go about that?  hello? hello?!
and how do i go about that?  hello? hello?!	this is larry king live
this is larry king live	my guest tonight is steven mctowelie, author of the acclaimed
my guest tonight is steven mctowelie, author of the acclaimed	well larry, i'm a little high
well larry, i'm a little high	your book has helped a lot of people beat addiction
your book has helped a lot of people beat addiction	well larry, i was
well larry, i was	what? what's that? oh ex- oh excuse me, steven, i understand
what? what's that? oh ex- oh excuse me, steven, i understand	hello? larry, are you receiving me?
hello? larry, are you receiving me?	we're here, geraldo
we're here, geraldo	larry, this brave reporter has been days investigating and
larry, this brave reporter has been days investigating and	you're a towel
you're a towel	no, you're a towel
no, you're a towel	well you're a beaner towel
well you're a beaner towel	what did you say??
what did you say??	i'm sorry
i'm sorry	this looks pretty bad, oprah
this looks pretty bad, oprah	your fans look to you to be all-knowing and all-seeing, and
your fans look to you to be all-knowing and all-seeing, and	'e did it, gary! 'eraldo got the proof!
'e did it, gary! 'eraldo got the proof!	oprah's got egg all over her face! she'll have to retire!
oprah's got egg all over her face! she'll have to retire!	it's the beginning of a new life for us, gary
it's the beginning of a new life for us, gary	and her gary too
and her gary too	sure
sure	oprah, we need to know what we're going to do
oprah, we need to know what we're going to do	what's the big deal? his book helped people
what's the big deal? his book helped people	your book got me to give up alcohol! but i thought you were a
your book got me to give up alcohol! but i thought you were a	yeah, we want our money back, you dumb towel!
yeah, we want our money back, you dumb towel!	no insultar mexicanos! oye? no insultar mexicanos! oye?
no insultar mexicanos! oye? no insultar mexicanos! oye?	oh god, i'm really in trouble now
oh god, i'm really in trouble now	steven, it's oprah
steven, it's oprah	why?
why?	we need to tell the audience why you changed some of the facts
we need to tell the audience why you changed some of the facts	hey yeah
hey yeah	just come on the show and explain in a very level-headed way
just come on the show and explain in a very level-headed way	okay
okay	see you tomorrow
see you tomorrow	all right, i got one chance here
all right, i got one chance here	aw, come on
aw, come on	but, the ideas i come up with when i'm high keep gettin' me in
but, the ideas i come up with when i'm high keep gettin' me in	yeah
yeah	well, maybe just a little high
well, maybe just a little high	today my guest is once again steven mctowelie, whose memoirs
today my guest is once again steven mctowelie, whose memoirs	ya hear that, gary? nobody's applaudin'!
ya hear that, gary? nobody's applaudin'!	yeah! they're all right pissed off! this is great!
yeah! they're all right pissed off! this is great!	now, it turns out that your name isn't really steven
now, it turns out that your name isn't really steven	yeah
yeah	and you are a towel
and you are a towel	yes, i'm pretty much a towel, oprah
yes, i'm pretty much a towel, oprah	can you explain to the audience why you said you weren't a
can you explain to the audience why you said you weren't a	well oprah, i was all, like, um
well oprah, i was all, like, um	was it that you thought embellishing the story was okay if it
was it that you thought embellishing the story was okay if it	yeah
yeah	well you know what i think, towelie? i think you're a lying
well you know what i think, towelie? i think you're a lying	that's right!
that's right!	yeah
yeah	but i thought you said-
but i thought you said-	how dare you like to me and make me look foolish?!
how dare you like to me and make me look foolish?!	what's this? what's she doin'?
what's this? what's she doin'?	i don't understand, mingie
i don't understand, mingie	you think writing is a joke, you stupid towel?!
you think writing is a joke, you stupid towel?!	yeah, you you get him, oprah!
yeah, you you get him, oprah!	yeah!
yeah!	you will not get away with this!
you will not get away with this!	she's getting everyone back on 'er side! oh, tha' clever cow!
she's getting everyone back on 'er side! oh, tha' clever cow!	you lied to me, towelie! and therefore you have lied to
you lied to me, towelie! and therefore you have lied to	yeah!
yeah!	huh?
huh?	audience, if you look under your seats, you'll find your very
audience, if you look under your seats, you'll find your very	whoa
whoa	minge, does this mean i have to wait to see paris?
minge, does this mean i have to wait to see paris?	there's not gonna be any paris! don't you get it, gary?! the
there's not gonna be any paris! don't you get it, gary?! the	no!
no!	we'll give you a five-second headstart
we'll give you a five-second headstart	hoooo!
hoooo!	let's get him! 
let's get him! 	burn him! burn the towel!
burn him! burn the towel!	burn that which lies to oprah!
burn that which lies to oprah!	looks like your time is up, towelie! i've led my adoring fans
looks like your time is up, towelie! i've led my adoring fans	all right oprah!
all right oprah!	i've shown my fans that
i've shown my fans that	all right! everyone back! get back i said! 
all right! everyone back! get back i said! 	what the hell is this??!!
what the hell is this??!!	nobody moves, nobody gets hurt!
nobody moves, nobody gets hurt!	mingie, what're you doin'?
mingie, what're you doin'?	gettin' ou'a here gary! one way or another! 
gettin' ou'a here gary! one way or another! 	what is going on??!!
what is going on??!!	shut up! shut up, you miserable old cow, or so help me i'll
shut up! shut up, you miserable old cow, or so help me i'll	mingie, have you lost your mind?
mingie, have you lost your mind?	come on, gary! you always said you wanted to see paris!
come on, gary! you always said you wanted to see paris!	not like this, mingie
not like this, mingie	all right, gig is up
all right, gig is up	stay back, mate!
stay back, mate!	drop the gun and step away
drop the gun and step away	i'm warnin' you!
i'm warnin' you!	put it down, i said-  augh!  gawhh 
put it down, i said-  augh!  gawhh 	jesus minge! you killed him! you shot him dead!
jesus minge! you killed him! you shot him dead!	no turnin' back now, gary
no turnin' back now, gary	oh god, i think i'm goinna be sick eh
oh god, i think i'm goinna be sick eh	oh keep your head, gary
oh keep your head, gary	i can't, uh
i can't, uh	ah, gary, that smells awful! now i'm gonna throw up!  try to
ah, gary, that smells awful! now i'm gonna throw up!  try to	oh my god, what are we goinna do?
oh my god, what are we goinna do?	you got us into this, towel
you got us into this, towel	all right, i'm gonna get a little high
all right, i'm gonna get a little high	i'm standing in the business district of central chicago, where
i'm standing in the business district of central chicago, where	got the walkie-talkie you asked for
got the walkie-talkie you asked for	put it underneath me
put it underneath me	hellow, i'm lieutenant nelson
hellow, i'm lieutenant nelson	i want a chopper, and a jet waiting at the airport to take us
i want a chopper, and a jet waiting at the airport to take us	all right, how about fresh underwear for one hostage
all right, how about fresh underwear for one hostage	i'm not playing games with you, mate! gary's drownin' in his
i'm not playing games with you, mate! gary's drownin' in his	all right, we'll work on it
all right, we'll work on it	o'reilly, you got a shot?
o'reilly, you got a shot?	i got it
i got it	not with those hostages so close! it's too risky!
not with those hostages so close! it's too risky!	oh just put down the gun, mingie
oh just put down the gun, mingie	don't be stupid, gary
don't be stupid, gary	aw mingie, i'm soo scared
aw mingie, i'm soo scared	we're gonna get out of here, mate
we're gonna get out of here, mate	oprah's vagina, this is your last warning! put down the gun!
oprah's vagina, this is your last warning! put down the gun!	if that chopper isn't here in two minutes, i'm killin' a
if that chopper isn't here in two minutes, i'm killin' a	hey wait a minute
hey wait a minute	i mean it! hostages are gonna start dyin' if you don't listen! 
i mean it! hostages are gonna start dyin' if you don't listen! 	hostages are clear!
hostages are clear!	all right, that's it
all right, that's it	aaaaaaah!
aaaaaaah!	what the? haha! you missed me, you stewpid buggers! you see
what the? haha! you missed me, you stewpid buggers! you see	min
min	gary, what's, what's wrong?
gary, what's, what's wrong?	they got me, mingie
they got me, mingie	no
no	aye
aye	try to hang on, gary!
try to hang on, gary!	ih
ih	oh gary! what have i gotten ya into?
oh gary! what have i gotten ya into?	i've seen muh life flash before me eyes
i've seen muh life flash before me eyes	i'm 'ere, gary!
i'm 'ere, gary!	where
where	yeah
yeah	ahhh
ahhh	ih, it's beautiful
ih, it's beautiful	tell me what you see, mingie
tell me what you see, mingie	well, there's the
well, there's the	ahhh
ahhh	gary? gary, say somethin'
gary? gary, say somethin'	no! don't! 
no! don't! 	oprah's going to be okay
oprah's going to be okay	that's a great idea you had to sneak the hostages inside the
that's a great idea you had to sneak the hostages inside the	yeah, it sure was
yeah, it sure was	aw, that's okay
aw, that's okay	youuu said it
youuu said it	m'kay, students, we have a very special guest speaker today
m'kay, students, we have a very special guest speaker today	dick cheney?
dick cheney?	no, the last one
no, the last one	bill clinton
bill clinton	no, clinton's vice-president
no, clinton's vice-president	who?
who?	thank you, mr
thank you, mr	manbearpig? 
manbearpig? 	it is a creature which roams the earth alone
it is a creature which roams the earth alone	uhhh, ohhhkay, thank you mr
uhhh, ohhhkay, thank you mr	thank you, class
thank you, class	check out this sweet move
check out this sweet move	just play the game, fatass!
just play the game, fatass!	pass it to me, cartman?
pass it to me, cartman?	hang on
hang on	all right, check it out
all right, check it out	just take a shot or pass the ball, asshole! it's getting late!
just take a shot or pass the ball, asshole! it's getting late!	let's just see who gets the ball this time, jewboy!  kyle,
let's just see who gets the ball this time, jewboy!  kyle,	cartman, stop hogging the goddamned ball!
cartman, stop hogging the goddamned ball!	food!  don't worry, it's not really manbearpig
food!  don't worry, it's not really manbearpig	we know
we know	dude, what are you doing?
dude, what are you doing?	i'm spreading manbearpig awareness
i'm spreading manbearpig awareness	uhh, stan?
uhh, stan?	oh, hey dad
oh, hey dad	hello
hello	it's ah, getting late, boys
it's ah, getting late, boys	okay, mr
okay, mr	be safe
be safe	boys, i don't want you hanging out with that ex vice-president
boys, i don't want you hanging out with that ex vice-president	aw, he's all right, dad
aw, he's all right, dad	manbearpig?
manbearpig?	he's half man and half bearpig
he's half man and half bearpig	no, dude, he's half man and half bear and half pig
no, dude, he's half man and half bear and half pig	that doesn't make any sense
that doesn't make any sense	he could be half bear, half manpig
he could be half bear, half manpig	boys, there's no such thing as a manbearpig
boys, there's no such thing as a manbearpig	but i feel kind of bad for him, dad
but i feel kind of bad for him, dad	hello?
hello?	hello, this is al gore
hello, this is al gore	oh man
oh man	i was the vice president
i was the vice president	i know
i know	can you and your friends make it to an emergency manbearpig
can you and your friends make it to an emergency manbearpig	eh look, i'm sorry but, we're all kind of busy
eh look, i'm sorry but, we're all kind of busy	oh
oh	no, no, it's not that
no, no, it's not that	yes it is
yes it is	ih it's okay, mr
ih it's okay, mr	no you don't
no you don't	yeah, i'm sure manbearpig needs to be stopped
yeah, i'm sure manbearpig needs to be stopped	are you serial?
are you serial?	
	don't worry! we can stop him! bring everyone you can to my
don't worry! we can stop him! bring everyone you can to my	dude, why are we going to hang out with this guy?
dude, why are we going to hang out with this guy?	(yeah, i don't get it
(yeah, i don't get it	come on, you guys, al gore doesn't have any friends
come on, you guys, al gore doesn't have any friends	hi kids! come on in!  okay, let's get this meeting started
hi kids! come on in!  okay, let's get this meeting started	yyeah, you know, mr
yyeah, you know, mr	what does your dad look like?? does he have large hooves where
what does your dad look like?? does he have large hooves where	no
no	damn
damn	well, this was a great meeting
well, this was a great meeting	oh my god!  manbearpig screen active! what is this area of
oh my god!  manbearpig screen active! what is this area of	yeah, that's cave of the winds
yeah, that's cave of the winds	oh jesus on ice skates, we've gotta get down there right away
oh jesus on ice skates, we've gotta get down there right away	ah i don't think so, dude
ah i don't think so, dude	yeah, we've got school anyway
yeah, we've got school anyway	i can get you all excused from school
i can get you all excused from school	you
you	look! you boys have a chance to help me find and kill
look! you boys have a chance to help me find and kill	hello everyone, welcome to cave of the winds
hello everyone, welcome to cave of the winds	yeah
yeah	let's go cavin'
let's go cavin'	here we are in the main chamber of the cave; it was discovered
here we are in the main chamber of the cave; it was discovered	have you noticed high deposits of sulfur or a salmon-like odor
have you noticed high deposits of sulfur or a salmon-like odor	ahh, no
ahh, no	all right, kids, i need you to keep an eye out for manbearpig
all right, kids, i need you to keep an eye out for manbearpig	what do manbearpig droppings look like?
what do manbearpig droppings look like?	similar to pig droppings, but more manbearlike
similar to pig droppings, but more manbearlike	these rocks often make interesting shapes which we like to
these rocks often make interesting shapes which we like to	groan! groan! 
groan! groan! 	sir? mr
sir? mr	not yet
not yet	all right, everyone, if you'll step this way, you'll see how
all right, everyone, if you'll step this way, you'll see how	kids! kids, over here! look
kids! kids, over here! look	what?
what?	i bet this is where he's hiding
i bet this is where he's hiding	in certain areas of the cave, the wind actually blows through,
in certain areas of the cave, the wind actually blows through,	wow
wow	take a picture of the sound, steven
take a picture of the sound, steven	mr
mr	wait! shhh
wait! shhh	what are you doing?! 
what are you doing?! 	oh no!
oh no!	no!
no!	aaaah! 
aaaah! 	leave them alone, you goddamned manbearpig!
leave them alone, you goddamned manbearpig!	help!
help!	damn you manbearpig! they're just children!
damn you manbearpig! they're just children!	o-kay, everyone, out of the cave
o-kay, everyone, out of the cave	hello?
hello?	help!
help!	we're trapped in here!
we're trapped in here!	somebody get us some help down hyah!
somebody get us some help down hyah!	hello, help!
hello, help!	hello??
hello??	(hello!)
(hello!)	help!
help!	forget it! they can't hear us!
forget it! they can't hear us!	(what are we gonna do??)
(what are we gonna do??)	you'd better get us out of here, asshole!
you'd better get us out of here, asshole!	me??
me??	you just had to go and be nice to al gore! now we're trapped in
you just had to go and be nice to al gore! now we're trapped in	maybe there's another way out of here
maybe there's another way out of here	(oh, no kidding
(oh, no kidding	a-all right, let's split up and look for a passageway
a-all right, let's split up and look for a passageway	this is
this is	you see anything, kenny??
you see anything, kenny??	(no, nothing!) 
(no, nothing!) 	cartman?? cartman, you see anything??
cartman?? cartman, you see anything??	no, nothing  no, nothing here! nothing this way!  tr
no, nothing  no, nothing here! nothing this way!  tr	cartman, you okay??  you need help??
cartman, you okay??  you need help??	i'm fine! this way is just a
i'm fine! this way is just a	it looks like we're completely sealed in
it looks like we're completely sealed in	(yeah, no shit
(yeah, no shit	there's a small passageway about 200 yards over there, but
there's a small passageway about 200 yards over there, but	maybe we should go for it
maybe we should go for it	you guys go on ahead
you guys go on ahead	why?
why?	i just
i just	cartman's right
cartman's right	no, it's okay
no, it's okay	no, we'll stay here too
no, we'll stay here too	that's cool
that's cool	aw, dude! 
aw, dude! 	the cave-in was massive
the cave-in was massive	does anybody know who these kids are?
does anybody know who these kids are?	no, nobody seems to knew them
no, nobody seems to knew them	excuse me, excuse me
excuse me, excuse me	what do you mean? the cave-in is over
what do you mean? the cave-in is over	i'm afraid you have a much bigger problem than a cave-in
i'm afraid you have a much bigger problem than a cave-in	what's that? 
what's that? 	what is that, a pigbearman?
what is that, a pigbearman?	no, stupid! it's manbearpig!
no, stupid! it's manbearpig!	i'm sooo hungry
i'm sooo hungry	they saw us on the tour
they saw us on the tour	i just
i just	dude, it's bad enough we have to sit here without you taking a
dude, it's bad enough we have to sit here without you taking a	let's just try to sleep
let's just try to sleep	all that treasure
all that treasure	c-cartman?
c-cartman?	oh
oh	dude, what are you doing?
dude, what are you doing?	not much
not much	dude, get away from me!
dude, get away from me!	yeah
yeah	why won't anybody listen to me?! manbearpig is in there and we
why won't anybody listen to me?! manbearpig is in there and we	mr
mr	i told you we need to fill the cave with hot molten lead,
i told you we need to fill the cave with hot molten lead,	well, see, the problem is that if we fill the caves with hot
well, see, the problem is that if we fill the caves with hot	they're already dead! didn't you listen to me?? they got
they're already dead! didn't you listen to me?? they got	do you want me to get the ex vice president out of here?
do you want me to get the ex vice president out of here?	naw, i f- i feel kind of bad for him
naw, i f- i feel kind of bad for him	all right
all right	dude, he's really sick
dude, he's really sick	it's been three days since four unidentified children were
it's been three days since four unidentified children were	all right, people, we've gotta work faster! our best estimate
all right, people, we've gotta work faster! our best estimate	smuggler's den?
smuggler's den?	ih it's a room near the end of the tour where you can get your
ih it's a room near the end of the tour where you can get your	based on where the boys were seen last, they're somewhere near
based on where the boys were seen last, they're somewhere near	stan! stan, wake up!
stan! stan, wake up!	huh? what? have they come for us?
huh? what? have they come for us?	no, it's cartman
no, it's cartman	meh, meuh urgh
meh, meuh urgh	oh my god
oh my god	i'm fahn
i'm fahn	we can't wait here any longer! dude, we've gotta get him out of
we can't wait here any longer! dude, we've gotta get him out of	how, dude? we c- we don't even know if that passage i found
how, dude? we c- we don't even know if that passage i found	maybe we should get out first
maybe we should get out first	no don't! don't leave me here, you assholes
no don't! don't leave me here, you assholes	come on come on! pull!
come on come on! pull!	goddamnit, he's soo heavy!
goddamnit, he's soo heavy!	buh
buh	what the hell is that??
what the hell is that??	cartman?
cartman?	you guys, we've got no time! you gotta get me out!! 
you guys, we've got no time! you gotta get me out!! 	this is the end of you, manbearpig
this is the end of you, manbearpig	(we're almost there!)
(we're almost there!)	i can't keep carrying him, dude! i've got no strength!
i can't keep carrying him, dude! i've got no strength!	yes you do! 
yes you do! 	what the hell is that?  oh my god
what the hell is that?  oh my god	no! let me out of here! let me out of here, you guys!
no! let me out of here! let me out of here, you guys!	ruuun! 
ruuun! 	that's it! pull everyone out! there's nothing more we can do!
that's it! pull everyone out! there's nothing more we can do!	you're calling off the rescue?
you're calling off the rescue?	we didn't plan on a freak river flood
we didn't plan on a freak river flood	well what if the children aren't dead?
well what if the children aren't dead?	look, the cavern is completely flooded
look, the cavern is completely flooded	nothing left alive
nothing left alive	kenny! here, take my hand!  hurry kyle, the water's rising!
kenny! here, take my hand!  hurry kyle, the water's rising!	grab my hand
grab my hand	car
car	i can't kick!
i can't kick!	yes you can!
yes you can!	i can't! kick yourself back to safety!
i can't! kick yourself back to safety!	i need your help!
i need your help!	no, you just have to save me
no, you just have to save me	kyle! no!
kyle! no!	we are gathered here to say goodbye to four kids whom we all
we are gathered here to say goodbye to four kids whom we all	oh jesus, here we go again
oh jesus, here we go again	i have beaten manbearpig, and we will never forget the names of
i have beaten manbearpig, and we will never forget the names of	agh
agh	oh my god! 
oh my god! 	it's the kids! 
it's the kids! 	they're alive! 
they're alive! 	kids! i saved you!
kids! i saved you!	just stay away from us, asshole! i was nice to you because i
just stay away from us, asshole! i was nice to you because i	hyeah right
hyeah right	we need to get our friend to a hospital right away!
we need to get our friend to a hospital right away!	no! no i'm fine!  i just need to get home, a-and rest
no! no i'm fine!  i just need to get home, a-and rest	cartman, seriously, you need to see a doctor
cartman, seriously, you need to see a doctor	noo! i just need to get to a toilet
noo! i just need to get to a toilet	dude, did cartman just crap treasure?
dude, did cartman just crap treasure?	it's mine! it's mine, you hear me?! i got it out of the cave;
it's mine! it's mine, you hear me?! i got it out of the cave;	hey, that looks like the fake treasure from our smuggler's den
hey, that looks like the fake treasure from our smuggler's den	that's right, and i
that's right, and i	yeah, we put it there for kids to take their picture with
yeah, we put it there for kids to take their picture with	noo
noo	you made us pull you to safety because you ate treasure?! you
you made us pull you to safety because you ate treasure?! you	don't you think i'm hurting enough, kyle?! ah, ow!!  dowww!
don't you think i'm hurting enough, kyle?! ah, ow!!  dowww!	well, my work here is done
well, my work here is done	eh! 
eh! 	mrs
mrs	eric, why would you do such a thing?
eric, why would you do such a thing?	i'm sorry i handcuffed billy turner's ankle to the school
i'm sorry i handcuffed billy turner's ankle to the school	you know that's not the point!
you know that's not the point!	okay, i'm sorry i handcuffed billy turner's ankle to a flagpole
okay, i'm sorry i handcuffed billy turner's ankle to a flagpole	that's very naughty, eric
that's very naughty, eric	well he called me chubby!
well he called me chubby!	we have tried at this school to make eric understand that there
we have tried at this school to make eric understand that there	i know
i know	well nice goin', asshole! you made my mom cry!
well nice goin', asshole! you made my mom cry!	it's not him, it's you, eric
it's not him, it's you, eric	sure you do
sure you do	my mom's the best mom, better than your mom
my mom's the best mom, better than your mom	mrs
mrs	they're every parent's worst nightmare
they're every parent's worst nightmare	shut up! i hate you! i hate you! 
shut up! i hate you! i hate you! 	kids completely out of control
kids completely out of control	look, i'm skating, i'm skating!
look, i'm skating, i'm skating!	it's time to call nanny 911
it's time to call nanny 911	mom, i need another energy drink! 
mom, i need another energy drink! 	this eight year old son of a single parent just won't behave
this eight year old son of a single parent just won't behave	wir mssen die juden ausrotten!! 
wir mssen die juden ausrotten!! 	and nanny stella is selected to set him straight
and nanny stella is selected to set him straight	it's time for nanny stella to show eric cartman his ways are
it's time for nanny stella to show eric cartman his ways are	mom, are you deaf?! somebody's at the door!
mom, are you deaf?! somebody's at the door!	yes
yes	killer
killer	hello
hello	oh, thank you so much for coming
oh, thank you so much for coming	and you must be eric
and you must be eric	mom, i want a twinkie
mom, i want a twinkie	all, all right dear
all, all right dear	hold on, mrs
hold on, mrs	ha! hahahahahaha
ha! hahahahahaha	i'm serious
i'm serious	no thanks, i'd rather naught
no thanks, i'd rather naught	right
right	the hell do you think you're doing?
the hell do you think you're doing?	come on
come on	stop trying to bogart my xbox, you fat bitch!
stop trying to bogart my xbox, you fat bitch!	all right, that's it!  you're going to time-out! 
all right, that's it!  you're going to time-out! 	time out?
time out?	whenever you are naughty, eric, you are going to sit on this
whenever you are naughty, eric, you are going to sit on this	and what exactly keeps me on the stool?
and what exactly keeps me on the stool?	it's the time-out stool
it's the time-out stool	whoa, how did i do that? 
whoa, how did i do that? 	eric, you have to stay in time-out!
eric, you have to stay in time-out!	ummm, no?
ummm, no?	come on, you don't have a choice
come on, you don't have a choice	all right, seriously, you're starting to piss me off now
all right, seriously, you're starting to piss me off now	eric, you need to listen to me
eric, you need to listen to me	i'm just gonna get down as soon as you move
i'm just gonna get down as soon as you move	well then, i'll just have to stand right here!  oh!  he spit in
well then, i'll just have to stand right here!  oh!  he spit in	yeah, it's best to avoid his level
yeah, it's best to avoid his level	all right! i've dealt with this before! we just need to use
all right! i've dealt with this before! we just need to use	don't stop believing
don't stop believing	eric, can i just talk to you for a quick second? why are you so
eric, can i just talk to you for a quick second? why are you so	because you took my xbox
because you took my xbox	is this about more than your video game? are you feeling angry
is this about more than your video game? are you feeling angry	well, yeah
well, yeah	and you're feeling like i have no right to come in and tell you
and you're feeling like i have no right to come in and tell you	yeah
yeah	see this? you have to take the time to talk to your children
see this? you have to take the time to talk to your children	well, i'm feeling confused, because i don't understand why you
well, i'm feeling confused, because i don't understand why you	me? well, it's because i love children, like you
me? well, it's because i love children, like you	right, but
right, but	oh, i just never had kids
oh, i just never had kids	why not?
why not?	it
it	you're sterile, is that it?  no, that's too convenient of an
you're sterile, is that it?  no, that's too convenient of an	why you, you
why you, you	eric, naughty
eric, naughty	what kind of  monster would-
what kind of  monster would-	yes, let the anger come! strike me down while you can! but it
yes, let the anger come! strike me down while you can! but it	that's it!  i'm not doing this!
that's it!  i'm not doing this!	oh, but we really need some help
oh, but we really need some help	find yourself another nanny
find yourself another nanny	coming up next, it's super nanny! where other nannies fail,
coming up next, it's super nanny! where other nannies fail,	this child's behavior is totally unacceptable!
this child's behavior is totally unacceptable!	well, there's no trial too tough for super nanny! in just three
well, there's no trial too tough for super nanny! in just three	i'm afraid super nanny is in a deep state of mental psychosis
i'm afraid super nanny is in a deep state of mental psychosis	what do you mean?
what do you mean?	i mean,  she spends most of her time sobbing and eating her own
i mean,  she spends most of her time sobbing and eating her own	from heeell! it's from heeell!
from heeell! it's from heeell!	oh dear
oh dear	well there
well there	when good dogs go bad, there's one man who's their best friend
when good dogs go bad, there's one man who's their best friend	no dog is too much for me to handle
no dog is too much for me to handle	please, come in
please, come in	so tell me what are the problems you are having with the child?
so tell me what are the problems you are having with the child?	well, he's just
well, he's just	so the child needs to learn that he's not the most important
so the child needs to learn that he's not the most important	you can stop talkin' behind my back; i'm right here, fruitcake
you can stop talkin' behind my back; i'm right here, fruitcake	see i'm not looking at the child, i'm not acknowledging the
see i'm not looking at the child, i'm not acknowledging the	not interested i'm me?
not interested i'm me?	see the child thinks your world revolves around him, because it
see the child thinks your world revolves around him, because it	yeah, well i don't see why-
yeah, well i don't see why-	tsst
tsst	hey!
hey!	don't look at the child; just keep looking at me
don't look at the child; just keep looking at me	mom, this guy doesn't-
mom, this guy doesn't-	tsst
tsst	ah! quit it!
ah! quit it!	what what is it that you're doing?
what what is it that you're doing?	dogs show their dominance by nipping each other on the neck,
dogs show their dominance by nipping each other on the neck,	look, mexican, if you really think that you can-
look, mexican, if you really think that you can-	tsst
tsst	knock it off!
knock it off!	tsst
tsst	oh, that's very interesting
oh, that's very interesting	i think the first thing we need to work on is getting the child
i think the first thing we need to work on is getting the child	i'm not fat!
i'm not fat!	tsst
tsst	well, no, i don't
well, no, i don't	go on, take your son for a walk
go on, take your son for a walk	ey! you think this is funny, you sonofabitch?
ey! you think this is funny, you sonofabitch?	see once again, i am the one going for a walk
see once again, i am the one going for a walk	mom, this is degrading!
mom, this is degrading!	tsst
tsst	agh! goddamnit! aaarrgh! 
agh! goddamnit! aaarrgh! 	don't look at him, just look straight ahead and he'll run out
don't look at him, just look straight ahead and he'll run out	maaaa
maaaa	here, why don't you try it now? take your son
here, why don't you try it now? take your son	mom, seriously, people are seeing me!
mom, seriously, people are seeing me!	good
good	mom, don't you love me? can't you see i'm unhappy right now?
mom, don't you love me? can't you see i'm unhappy right now?	tsst
tsst	mom!
mom!	good, ms
good, ms	and now, back to the dog whisperer
and now, back to the dog whisperer	it is important to understand that dogs run in packs
it is important to understand that dogs run in packs	god dammit stop ignoring me!
god dammit stop ignoring me!	you must assert yourself as pack leader with dominant energy
you must assert yourself as pack leader with dominant energy	ahall right
ahall right	this is abuse! i am a child, and i am entitled to attention!
this is abuse! i am a child, and i am entitled to attention!	tsst
tsst	quit it, mom!
quit it, mom!	it doesn't seem to work as well when i do it
it doesn't seem to work as well when i do it	okay, let me show you how to express the dominant energy
okay, let me show you how to express the dominant energy	ooo, colonel?
ooo, colonel?	i am going to eat first, because that is what the pack leader
i am going to eat first, because that is what the pack leader	give, give me the chicken
give, give me the chicken	tsst
tsst	eh, what are you doing? i want chicken! give me some goddamned
eh, what are you doing? i want chicken! give me some goddamned	i am not going to acknowledge the child's attempt at aggressive
i am not going to acknowledge the child's attempt at aggressive	mom, gimme, give me some chicken; i want some chicken, mom!
mom, gimme, give me some chicken; i want some chicken, mom!	we won't reward him until he's in a calm submissive behavior
we won't reward him until he's in a calm submissive behavior	goddammit, i am not a dog!  give me the chicken
goddammit, i am not a dog!  give me the chicken	we need him to become relaxed and submissive
we need him to become relaxed and submissive	gih-  okay, i'm fine
gih-  okay, i'm fine	oh, very good, sweetie
oh, very good, sweetie	oh no, now he's lying
oh no, now he's lying	suck my asshole, taco vendor!
suck my asshole, taco vendor!	see?
see?	goddamnit, you can't stand here and eat kfc in front of me! 
goddamnit, you can't stand here and eat kfc in front of me! 	tsst
tsst	you can't do that to me, i-
you can't do that to me, i-	tsst
tsst	goddamnit, you just can't-
goddamnit, you just can't-	tsst
tsst	seriously! ey? eh
seriously! ey? eh	i am not being aggressive; i am being dominant
i am not being aggressive; i am being dominant	wow, i have a lot to learn
wow, i have a lot to learn	mom, i am serious! this has gone on long enough! get that guy
mom, i am serious! this has gone on long enough! get that guy	oh dear
oh dear	it's okay, this is all part of the dominance struggle
it's okay, this is all part of the dominance struggle	but what if he does run away
but what if he does run away	let him go
let him go	oh boy, park avenue! i'm rich! 
oh boy, park avenue! i'm rich! 	hey guys, i've got some pretty big news
hey guys, i've got some pretty big news	you can't stay here
you can't stay here	maybe you didn't hear me! i ran away! i don't have anywhere to
maybe you didn't hear me! i ran away! i don't have anywhere to	you'er not staying at my house either
you'er not staying at my house either	all right, that's fine! butters, i'll crash with you
all right, that's fine! butters, i'll crash with you	no, my parents won't let me bring homeless people home anymore
no, my parents won't let me bring homeless people home anymore	well what do you guys expect me to do?! stay at kenny's house?!
well what do you guys expect me to do?! stay at kenny's house?!	(fuck you
(fuck you	och! well, i guess now we see just how supportive friends can
och! well, i guess now we see just how supportive friends can	whoopie! g and r railroad!
whoopie! g and r railroad!	hey jimmy
hey jimmy	who is your best friend?
who is your best friend?	you are, jimmy! we've always been best friends
you are, jimmy! we've always been best friends	what's my last name?
what's my last name?	goddammit!  craig, dude, i ran away from home
goddammit!  craig, dude, i ran away from home	
	
	this is bullcrap! mom'll break soon
this is bullcrap! mom'll break soon	all right, i'm back
all right, i'm back	oh eric, i'm so happy you're home
oh eric, i'm so happy you're home	yes, well, hopefully you've learned your lesson! i've come
yes, well, hopefully you've learned your lesson! i've come	look what i did, eric
look what i did, eric	that's super-interesting
that's super-interesting	cesar
cesar	how is the painting going?
how is the painting going?	aw, goddammit!
aw, goddammit!	oh look it came back
oh look it came back	yup, just like you said he would
yup, just like you said he would	what is he still doing here?!
what is he still doing here?!	he said he's hungry
he said he's hungry	well let's feed it
well let's feed it	what the hell is this?! skinless chicken, boiled vegetables and
what the hell is this?! skinless chicken, boiled vegetables and	this is more aggressive-dominant behavior
this is more aggressive-dominant behavior	oh my god
oh my god	come on, ms
come on, ms	eric, if you don't want to eat then, why don't you go brush
eric, if you don't want to eat then, why don't you go brush	nooo, you're asking him a favor
nooo, you're asking him a favor	mom, i want this guy out of here! you got it? if he's not gone,
mom, i want this guy out of here! you got it? if he's not gone,	you project the dominant energy and he will pick up on it
you project the dominant energy and he will pick up on it	i am your son, and you will listen to me! you have no right to-
i am your son, and you will listen to me! you have no right to-	tsst
tsst	mon, know it off! i'm not gonna stand for th-
mon, know it off! i'm not gonna stand for th-	tsst
tsst	seriously! mom-
seriously! mom-	tsst
tsst	seriusly! why are you
seriusly! why are you	tsst
tsst	mom?!
mom?!	tsst
tsst	mom? mom
mom? mom	i did it! 
i did it! 	you see? you're calm, assertive, and in control
you see? you're calm, assertive, and in control	oh
oh	see? this is the behavior we've been looking for
see? this is the behavior we've been looking for	he's never done this before
he's never done this before	good
good	i love you very much, poopsiekins
i love you very much, poopsiekins	now you can give him a snack
now you can give him a snack	eric, i want you to go upstairs and brush your teeth
eric, i want you to go upstairs and brush your teeth	this is a great first step, but you're gonna have to stay firm
this is a great first step, but you're gonna have to stay firm	i am the pack leader! 
i am the pack leader! 	now before you go read your son his story let's go enjoy a nice
now before you go read your son his story let's go enjoy a nice	sounds divine!
sounds divine!	who does she think telling me to go brush my teeth?!  jesus
who does she think telling me to go brush my teeth?!  jesus	so, how is your son doing, ms
so, how is your son doing, ms	oh, he's been amazing, cesar
oh, he's been amazing, cesar	that's greeat!
that's greeat!	the best part is i'm not letting him boss me around anymore
the best part is i'm not letting him boss me around anymore	good, ms
good, ms	there's just one problem: he still fights me every step of the
there's just one problem: he still fights me every step of the	don't worry
don't worry	oh cesar, i'm so happy to have you in my life
oh cesar, i'm so happy to have you in my life	guys, listen up
guys, listen up	kill your mom?
kill your mom?	she doesn't let me wear whatever i want anymore
she doesn't let me wear whatever i want anymore	dude, have you lost more weight?
dude, have you lost more weight?	yes! i've lost almost ten pounds now
yes! i've lost almost ten pounds now	dude, don't kill your mom
dude, don't kill your mom	she's hitler! would you have killed hitler if you had the
she's hitler! would you have killed hitler if you had the	dude, we're not killing your mom
dude, we're not killing your mom	well i can't kill her
well i can't kill her	where am i supposed to get a gun?
where am i supposed to get a gun?	well i don't know
well i don't know	i'm not shooting anybody
i'm not shooting anybody	okay, fine
okay, fine	no, cartman!
no, cartman!	oh! well how about i do everything?! how does that sound?! i'll
oh! well how about i do everything?! how does that sound?! i'll	you forced me to do this! you couldn't just love me as a son
you forced me to do this! you couldn't just love me as a son	wait
wait	no! she's my mom, i can do whatever i want with her! it's more
no! she's my mom, i can do whatever i want with her! it's more	she isn't an object you can own
she isn't an object you can own	she isn't an object i can own
she isn't an object i can own	no, she's just
no, she's just	ugh
ugh	the world doesn't revolve around me?
the world doesn't revolve around me?	maybe the world doesn't revolve around me
maybe the world doesn't revolve around me	the world doesn't revolve around me!
the world doesn't revolve around me!	idiot! 
idiot! 	why eric, you made your own breakfast
why eric, you made your own breakfast	yeah mom, it's okay
yeah mom, it's okay	and you're studying before school?
and you're studying before school?	well, you told me i had to review my homework before class
well, you told me i had to review my homework before class	oh, eric
oh, eric	tha
tha	i love you, sweetie
i love you, sweetie	'k mom, you're embarrassing me, jeez
'k mom, you're embarrassing me, jeez	cesar
cesar	how is the child doing?
how is the child doing?	oh, he's amazing
oh, he's amazing	that's much healthier for him, and when he gets older he'll be
that's much healthier for him, and when he gets older he'll be	you're the best, cesar, and to show my gratitude i've got two
you're the best, cesar, and to show my gratitude i've got two	well no, my work is done
well no, my work is done	oh
oh	no, not really
no, not really	i cleared up the table, mom
i cleared up the table, mom	eric, how would you like to go with me to see madame butterfly
eric, how would you like to go with me to see madame butterfly	no, that's okay
no, that's okay	well, what if i took you to kentucky fried chicken afterward? 
well, what if i took you to kentucky fried chicken afterward? 	could i
could i	yes, darling
yes, darling	oh, dude! i just took the biggest crap
oh, dude! i just took the biggest crap	we're over here, by the cart
we're over here, by the cart	okay, i'm back
okay, i'm back	dude! we've been waiting forever!
dude! we've been waiting forever!	well, i'm sorry, i had to take a dump!
well, i'm sorry, i had to take a dump!	if you didn't eat so much, you wouldn't have diarrhea all the
if you didn't eat so much, you wouldn't have diarrhea all the	hey, i don't need to take any lip from a frickin' girl!
hey, i don't need to take any lip from a frickin' girl!	(i think kyle has fake titties, hahahaha)
(i think kyle has fake titties, hahahaha)	heheh, totally, heheh
heheh, totally, heheh	come on, we have to finish the quest in stonehaven
come on, we have to finish the quest in stonehaven	stan?  stan?
stan?  stan?	h-hang on, guys, my dad wants something
h-hang on, guys, my dad wants something	stan!
stan!	what?!
what?!	you've been on your computer all weekend
you've been on your computer all weekend	i am socializing, r-tard
i am socializing, r-tard	
	all right, sorry guys
all right, sorry guys	see where i am? it's this way
see where i am? it's this way	yeah, come on, let's go!  i am the mightiest dwarf in all of
yeah, come on, let's go!  i am the mightiest dwarf in all of	wow, look at all these people playing right now
wow, look at all these people playing right now	yeah, it's bullcrap
yeah, it's bullcrap	oh crap! it's that guy again! 
oh crap! it's that guy again! 	who is this?
who is this?	this is the guy that kept killing us after you went to bed!
this is the guy that kept killing us after you went to bed!	get out of here, asshole!
get out of here, asshole!	he's a way higher level than us
he's a way higher level than us	it's all right
it's all right	oh my god, he killed kenny!
oh my god, he killed kenny!	you bastard! 
you bastard! 	don't you have better things to do than going online killing
don't you have better things to do than going online killing	that sonofabitch!
that sonofabitch!	who is that guy?
who is that guy?	whoever he is, he is one tough badass
whoever he is, he is one tough badass	world of warcraft support line
world of warcraft support line	yeah, we bought your game, and played it online, but every time
yeah, we bought your game, and played it online, but every time	o
o	yeah? well this guy does it anyway!
yeah? well this guy does it anyway!	he's a god damned butthole!
he's a god damned butthole!	really? that's odd
really? that's odd	oh no
oh no	well, we'll certainly keep a look out for that player and ban
well, we'll certainly keep a look out for that player and ban	fellow board members, we have a problem: somebody in the world
fellow board members, we have a problem: somebody in the world	why kill innocent players? the game is about finishing quests
why kill innocent players? the game is about finishing quests	we've got to delete him from the servers
we've got to delete him from the servers	we can't
we can't	jesus
jesus	i've gotta get home! my kids are playing world of warcraft
i've gotta get home! my kids are playing world of warcraft	jim, your kids' characters are already dead
jim, your kids' characters are already dead	no
no	what kind of person would do this?
what kind of person would do this?	only one kind
only one kind	how do you kill
how do you kill	randy, you workin' on that sediment analysis?
randy, you workin' on that sediment analysis?	not now, nelson
not now, nelson	is that a computer game?
is that a computer game?	no, r-tard, it's an mmorpg
no, r-tard, it's an mmorpg	hm
hm	what?? why?? why?!
what?? why?? why?!	my friends: as you all know, some giant butthole keeps logging
my friends: as you all know, some giant butthole keeps logging	the past
the past	he killed my character right in the middle of a quest!
he killed my character right in the middle of a quest!	mine too!
mine too!	we've learned that the four of us can't fight him alone
we've learned that the four of us can't fight him alone	hey yeah!
hey yeah!	we can really stick it to that assm-m-muncher!
we can really stick it to that assm-m-muncher!	are you guys dumb? we can't beat him, even with all of us
are you guys dumb? we can't beat him, even with all of us	ddue, we have to try
ddue, we have to try	i've got better things to do
i've got better things to do	clyde, clyde!  if you had a chance right now to go back in time
clyde, clyde!  if you had a chance right now to go back in time	i'm just gonna stop playing
i'm just gonna stop playing	when hitler rose to power there were a lot of people who just
when hitler rose to power there were a lot of people who just	no
no	voulez-vous coucher avec moi, clyde?
voulez-vous coucher avec moi, clyde?	all right all right, i'll do it!
all right all right, i'll do it!	so what's the p-plan?
so what's the p-plan?	all right, you all login from your computers at precisely 7:30
all right, you all login from your computers at precisely 7:30	to victory!
to victory!	i don't play world of warcraft
i don't play world of warcraft	butters, you said you were on your computer all the time!
butters, you said you were on your computer all the time!	yeah, but i'm playing hello kitty island adventure
yeah, but i'm playing hello kitty island adventure	butters, go buy world of warcraft, install it on your computer,
butters, go buy world of warcraft, install it on your computer,	o-oh, o-oh, a-alright
o-oh, o-oh, a-alright	all right, you guys, this is it! when the attack begins, all
all right, you guys, this is it! when the attack begins, all	okay
okay	got it
got it	the battle is sure to be long, so make sure you all have your
the battle is sure to be long, so make sure you all have your	all right, eric
all right, eric	timmy!
timmy!	this shall be a day for all to remember! let us bravely charge
this shall be a day for all to remember! let us bravely charge	hey fellas!  boy, this is neato, huh?
hey fellas!  boy, this is neato, huh?	butters? what the hell are you doing?
butters? what the hell are you doing?	i got world of warcraft, like you said
i got world of warcraft, like you said	you can't be the dwarf character, butters, i'm the dwarf
you can't be the dwarf character, butters, i'm the dwarf	well, there's only like four races to choose from-
well, there's only like four races to choose from-	so pick another one! i'm the dwarf, you stupid asshole! log
so pick another one! i'm the dwarf, you stupid asshole! log	i like hello kitty island adventure a lot more 'n this stuff
i like hello kitty island adventure a lot more 'n this stuff	come on, let's do this!
come on, let's do this!	yeah, my mom says i have to be in bed at 9:30
yeah, my mom says i have to be in bed at 9:30	then let's move out! 
then let's move out! 	look! there he is!
look! there he is!	everyone hold! 
everyone hold! 	he's targeting us
he's targeting us	prepare to charge! scroll over him with your mouse cursors!
prepare to charge! scroll over him with your mouse cursors!	aaaa!  i'm burning! oh jesus i'm burning! 
aaaa!  i'm burning! oh jesus i'm burning! 	kenny's down
kenny's down	i have poop on my pants
i have poop on my pants	ike, look out! 
ike, look out! 	all right, clyde, hit him with your crossbow!  hit him now,
all right, clyde, hit him with your crossbow!  hit him now,	hey, stan, can i play with you guys? 
hey, stan, can i play with you guys? 	dad??
dad??	yeah, i'm playing from the office
yeah, i'm playing from the office	dad, get off our teamspeak line!
dad, get off our teamspeak line!	that's it, i'm dead!
that's it, i'm dead!	that's it, screw this game!
that's it, screw this game!	now, leave me alone, don't do-  that, dugh 
now, leave me alone, don't do-  that, dugh 	oh jesus
oh jesus	what?
what?	he just finished killing every single player in the arathi
he just finished killing every single player in the arathi	how many people's characters were in there?
how many people's characters were in there?	over five thousand
over five thousand	there are over seven million people who log on to world of
there are over seven million people who log on to world of	yes
yes	no! nooooooooo!
no! nooooooooo!	what the hell are you guys doing?? don't tell me you all quit
what the hell are you guys doing?? don't tell me you all quit	dude, we're done
dude, we're done	guys, when things look bad, you can't just give up on the
guys, when things look bad, you can't just give up on the	we don't have a choice, dude
we don't have a choice, dude	i have a solution, you guys
i have a solution, you guys	we can't get to a higher level because that dude doesn't let us
we can't get to a higher level because that dude doesn't let us	that's why we just need to log in and stay in the forest,
that's why we just need to log in and stay in the forest,	boars?
boars?	there's lots of computer-generated boars in warcraft that die
there's lots of computer-generated boars in warcraft that die	dude, boars are only worth two experience points apiece
dude, boars are only worth two experience points apiece	yes
yes	live to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your
live to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your	sir, you'd better have a look at this! four of our
sir, you'd better have a look at this! four of our	my god
my god	a hope?
a hope?	a chance
a chance	llive to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your
llive to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your	dude, my mouse-clicking finger hurts
dude, my mouse-clicking finger hurts	keep clicking, kyle! you can do it!
keep clicking, kyle! you can do it!	the admins tell us they are four players from a small town in
the admins tell us they are four players from a small town in	are they strong enough to defeat the evil one?
are they strong enough to defeat the evil one?	we ran the numbers: even with their amazing rise in levels,
we ran the numbers: even with their amazing rise in levels,	there has to be
there has to be	what about
what about	quiet, thomas! we aren't even to speak of that sword!
quiet, thomas! we aren't even to speak of that sword!	but maybe these new players are the ones the prophecy foretold
but maybe these new players are the ones the prophecy foretold	it is not an option!
it is not an option!	what is this sword?
what is this sword?	long ago, when the world of warcraft was created, one of the
long ago, when the world of warcraft was created, one of the	but the sword was considered to be too powerful for anyone to
but the sword was considered to be too powerful for anyone to	but it was foretold that one day, players who could wield the
but it was foretold that one day, players who could wield the	who foretold this prophecy?
who foretold this prophecy?	soltzman
soltzman	behold, the sword of a thousand truths
behold, the sword of a thousand truths	all right, you guys
all right, you guys	i'm in
i'm in	me too
me too	(me too
(me too	everyone equip healing potions to the hotbar if you haven't
everyone equip healing potions to the hotbar if you haven't	hang on, i'm chaining my fire spells for max range
hang on, i'm chaining my fire spells for max range	nice
nice	15 agility
15 agility	give the cloak to kenny, he needs the agility boost for bow
give the cloak to kenny, he needs the agility boost for bow	'k
'k	hold on, this fight could last more than twelve hours
hold on, this fight could last more than twelve hours	don't worry, i have that covered
don't worry, i have that covered	yes hon?
yes hon?	more hot pockets!
more hot pockets!	right away, hon
right away, hon	that's bercool
that's bercool	all right, everyone ready?
all right, everyone ready?	ready
ready	let's go get him! 
let's go get him! 	wait, i think i see him
wait, i think i see him	okay, everyone open your uplifts and autolocate to stan
okay, everyone open your uplifts and autolocate to stan	what's the autolocate macro?
what's the autolocate macro?	command-0
command-0	okay, right behind stan
okay, right behind stan	kenny, get ready to turn on true-shot aura
kenny, get ready to turn on true-shot aura	okay, he sees us
okay, he sees us	okay, hit him with pyroblast, kyle
okay, hit him with pyroblast, kyle	casting
casting	aren't you spec'd to reduce cast time?
aren't you spec'd to reduce cast time?	no, ah, i'm an arcane fire mage
no, ah, i'm an arcane fire mage	christ
christ	cast on him again
cast on him again	everyone target scorpions
everyone target scorpions	yes?
yes?	we are looking for a great knight by the name of lovestospooge
we are looking for a great knight by the name of lovestospooge	that's my son's character's name in warcraft
that's my son's character's name in warcraft	where is he?!
where is he?!	who are you?
who are you?	sir, we don't have time! we just heard from our admins that
sir, we don't have time! we just heard from our admins that	unless they have this sword,  your son's character is going to
unless they have this sword,  your son's character is going to	nn-oh my god! 
nn-oh my god! 	kyle! fire spell!
kyle! fire spell!	aaaa
aaaa	kyle!  kyle! dude, what's wrong?
kyle!  kyle! dude, what's wrong?	carpal tunnel! carpal tunnel! it's aaaah! 
carpal tunnel! carpal tunnel! it's aaaah! 	oh, jesus, he's got it bad! 
oh, jesus, he's got it bad! 	wait, we need ben-gay
wait, we need ben-gay	hurry dude!
hurry dude!	i'm going as fast as i can!
i'm going as fast as i can!	kyle, you have to keep playing
kyle, you have to keep playing	i can't
i can't	we can't do this without you now! come on! 
we can't do this without you now! come on! 	stan?! stan!  sharon, where is stan?!
stan?! stan!  sharon, where is stan?!	i don't know
i don't know	stupid?
stupid?	where?!
where?!	i don't know
i don't know	sharon, his character is going to die if we don't get to him!
sharon, his character is going to die if we don't get to him!	so what?
so what?	so what?! 
so what?! 	we're too late
we're too late	ih if we could get to a computer, we could sign on to the world
ih if we could get to a computer, we could sign on to the world	i don't have a world of warcraft account
i don't have a world of warcraft account	no, i have a life
no, i have a life	give me the sword
give me the sword	you?
you?	i have a warcraft character
i have a warcraft character	we can't trust the sword of a thousand truths to a newb!
we can't trust the sword of a thousand truths to a newb!	sounds to me like we don't have a choice! give me the sword
sounds to me like we don't have a choice! give me the sword	where's your car?
where's your car?	we took a cab here!
we took a cab here!	damnit, mine's in the shop!  uh hey! eh help! stop!  please,
damnit, mine's in the shop!  uh hey! eh help! stop!  please,	all right, major stone shield potions should be
all right, major stone shield potions should be	you can't go to the bathroom, you're stacking sunder armor!
you can't go to the bathroom, you're stacking sunder armor!	it's okay
it's okay	what hon?
what hon?	bathroom! bathroom! 
bathroom! bathroom! 	oohh, that's a big boy, isn't he? 
oohh, that's a big boy, isn't he? 	all right, kenny, drink your elixir of the mongoose
all right, kenny, drink your elixir of the mongoose	world of warcraft! i need to play!
world of warcraft! i need to play!	our demo is set up right over by the- 
our demo is set up right over by the- 	got to
got to	dude, i'm almost dead
dude, i'm almost dead	kyle, cast arcane missile!
kyle, cast arcane missile!	i'm out of mana, i told you
i'm out of mana, i told you	i've gotta heal
i've gotta heal	staaan! 
staaan! 	dad? not now!
dad? not now!	stan! i've been sent here
stan! i've been sent here	dad, how did you get that?!
dad, how did you get that?!	no time! just take it! here!  
no time! just take it! here!  	bring up your inventory screen: control-i
bring up your inventory screen: control-i	okay
okay	stan, what the hell are you doing?! 
stan, what the hell are you doing?! 	i got it! 
i got it! 	augh!
augh!	dad!
dad!	stan
stan	dad, no!  you killed my father
dad, no!  you killed my father	his shield and armor spells are down!
his shield and armor spells are down!	attack! 
attack! 	looks like you're about to get pwned
looks like you're about to get pwned	dad? dad?
dad? dad?	staaan
staaan	i know you do, dad
i know you do, dad	augh! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
augh! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa	they did it!
they did it!	our world is saved! 
our world is saved! 	they did it! they killed him! 
they did it! they killed him! 	they did it!
they did it!	they killed him! we can come out!
they killed him! we can come out!	yes!
yes!	we did it!
we did it!	yeah!
yeah!	yeah
yeah	yeah yeah
yeah yeah	all right, yay
all right, yay	(woohoo! oh man!)
(woohoo! oh man!)	we did it you guys
we did it you guys	that was such ber pwnage
that was such ber pwnage	i can't believe it's all over
i can't believe it's all over	what do you mean? now we can finally play the game
what do you mean? now we can finally play the game	oh yeah
oh yeah	okay kenny, add eyes of the beast to your hotbar
okay kenny, add eyes of the beast to your hotbar	got it
got it	and so, class, that is when joe lee countered back to aniston
and so, class, that is when joe lee countered back to aniston	all the girls go out in the hall please? i need to speak with
all the girls go out in the hall please? i need to speak with	what's a urinal?
what's a urinal?	a wall toilet for peeing in
a wall toilet for peeing in	and some jokester took a poop in it! okay? now i want whoever
and some jokester took a poop in it! okay? now i want whoever	who would take a d-dump in a urinal? it's such a s-senseless
who would take a d-dump in a urinal? it's such a s-senseless	mr
mr	oh god, here we go again! 9/11 was not a conspiracy, fatass!
oh god, here we go again! 9/11 was not a conspiracy, fatass!	oh really?! do you just believe everything you're told, kyle?
oh really?! do you just believe everything you're told, kyle?	excuse me!! could we get back to the issue, please?! you all
excuse me!! could we get back to the issue, please?! you all	i'm sorry, mr
i'm sorry, mr	but there must have been some motive
but there must have been some motive	but who would benefit from crapping in the urinal? uh this is
but who would benefit from crapping in the urinal? uh this is	the hardly boys
the hardly boys	so, that's it, hardly boys, we've got no leads and nobody
so, that's it, hardly boys, we've got no leads and nobody	that sure is a mystery
that sure is a mystery	yeah, it sounds super-hard
yeah, it sounds super-hard	whoever did it must have been angry with the school
whoever did it must have been angry with the school	f-really?
f-really?	yeah, this is totally giving me a clue right now
yeah, this is totally giving me a clue right now	oh
oh	my clue is kind of pointing this way
my clue is kind of pointing this way	ohhgh
ohhgh	i've still got a raging clue
i've still got a raging clue	my clue's pointing over there now!
my clue's pointing over there now!	oh, let's follow that clue! 
oh, let's follow that clue! 	did they find out who crapped in the urinal yet?
did they find out who crapped in the urinal yet?	not yet
not yet	they aren't going to find out who did it
they aren't going to find out who did it	will you shut up about 9/11!
will you shut up about 9/11!	kyle, why are you so afraid of the truth?!
kyle, why are you so afraid of the truth?!	because anybody who thinks 9/11 was a conspiracy is a retard!
because anybody who thinks 9/11 was a conspiracy is a retard!	oh really? well did you know that over one-fourth of people in
oh really? well did you know that over one-fourth of people in	yes
yes	yeah, at least one-fourth
yeah, at least one-fourth	let's take a test sample: there's four of us, you're a retard,
let's take a test sample: there's four of us, you're a retard,	
	hey, fellas!
hey, fellas!	butters, do you think 9/11 was just a plot by some angry
butters, do you think 9/11 was just a plot by some angry	well, i heard that 9/11 was caused by president bush
well, i heard that 9/11 was caused by president bush	aha! do you see?
aha! do you see?	where did you hear that?
where did you hear that?	from eric
from eric	i rest my case
i rest my case	butters, you don't really believe that, do you?
butters, you don't really believe that, do you?	well, l-uh, i mean, uh, you never know
well, l-uh, i mean, uh, you never know	that's right, butters
that's right, butters	goddamnit, you see what happens when you spread this stupid
goddamnit, you see what happens when you spread this stupid	what? people see the truth?
what? people see the truth?	can i go now?
can i go now?	you guys are blind! i can't believe that everyone here is just
you guys are blind! i can't believe that everyone here is just	oh no
oh no	it is wrong for me to ask questions?is it wrong to seek the
it is wrong for me to ask questions?is it wrong to seek the	this is my frog
this is my frog	okay, thank you, leroy, thanks for sharing your dumb little
okay, thank you, leroy, thanks for sharing your dumb little	uh! erh, eh
uh! erh, eh	all right, eric, you can go next
all right, eric, you can go next	for show and tell today i have brought
for show and tell today i have brought	oh christ
oh christ	we are told to believe that the fire from the jet fuel melted
we are told to believe that the fire from the jet fuel melted	whoa
whoa	so now, the inevitable question: if terrorists didn't cause
so now, the inevitable question: if terrorists didn't cause	me??!
me??!	twelve contains the numbers one and two, just like the toilet
twelve contains the numbers one and two, just like the toilet	hey token
hey token	waaaah! 
waaaah! 	all right, all right, i was not responsible for 9/11! 
all right, all right, i was not responsible for 9/11! 	hello bubbe, how was school today?
hello bubbe, how was school today?	terrible
terrible	oh, come on, school isn't all that bad
oh, come on, school isn't all that bad	but, everyone thinks i was responsible for 9/11
but, everyone thinks i was responsible for 9/11	whatwhatwhaaat?!
whatwhatwhaaat?!	we have to do something! it is obvious our children are still
we have to do something! it is obvious our children are still	yes, we need to go over it again in the classroom so they
yes, we need to go over it again in the classroom so they	well, what really happened? there's strong evidence that what
well, what really happened? there's strong evidence that what	oh no, oh brother, oh god
oh no, oh brother, oh god	that's right
that's right	oh no, oh god, that's so retarded
oh no, oh god, that's so retarded	look, what-ever you believe, the fact of the matter is
look, what-ever you believe, the fact of the matter is	mr
mr	more important?! you aren't the one, who had to walk into the
more important?! you aren't the one, who had to walk into the	he's right! the turd could have been put there to cover up 9/11!
he's right! the turd could have been put there to cover up 9/11!	no, i'm not saying they're related!
no, i'm not saying they're related!	how do we know they're not? we need to be brave enough to ask
how do we know they're not? we need to be brave enough to ask	it's obvious that before we go any further, we need to find out
it's obvious that before we go any further, we need to find out	who else could it have been?
who else could it have been?	this is too big a mystery for me
this is too big a mystery for me	oh no, not the goddamned-
oh no, not the goddamned-	the hardly boys
the hardly boys	so that's about the long and short of it, hardly boys
so that's about the long and short of it, hardly boys	and nobody knows who's responsible?
and nobody knows who's responsible?	there are theories, but, nobody's certain
there are theories, but, nobody's certain	nnnn, who would benefit most from two buildings disappearing?
nnnn, who would benefit most from two buildings disappearing?	ooo
ooo	really?
really?	yeah, i'm totally getting a clue
yeah, i'm totally getting a clue	oh
oh	mine's pointing to the left
mine's pointing to the left	oh f-, oh frank, seriously, i have such a raging clue right
oh f-, oh frank, seriously, i have such a raging clue right	okay, let's follow your raging clue
okay, let's follow your raging clue	oofff
oofff	godspeed
godspeed	kyle!
kyle!	aaaah!
aaaah!	dude, do you mind telling me why cia guys  are coming to my
dude, do you mind telling me why cia guys  are coming to my	i don't know, dude
i don't know, dude	well why did you have to involve me??
well why did you have to involve me??	it's not my fault
it's not my fault	all right, look, i've been doing a lot of research on the web
all right, look, i've been doing a lot of research on the web	really?
really?	come on
come on	
	that's all i needed
that's all i needed	now you might all think i've given up finding out who crapped
now you might all think i've given up finding out who crapped	mr
mr	huh?
huh?	we caught the person that did it
we caught the person that did it	hi, we were hoping you can help us
hi, we were hoping you can help us	aw geez
aw geez	they are?
they are?	what? no no no
what? no no no	dude, why would the government attack its own buildings?
dude, why would the government attack its own buildings?	
	there's a lot of holes in the theory of evolution too; it
there's a lot of holes in the theory of evolution too; it	code 234
code 234	what is it?
what is it?	anthrax?!
anthrax?!	stan, we can't be seen with this nutjob!  aw, aw, awww!
stan, we can't be seen with this nutjob!  aw, aw, awww!	why, clyde? why did you do it?
why, clyde? why did you do it?	i don't know
i don't know	you got a whole school here, clyde! m'kay? you got over three
you got a whole school here, clyde! m'kay? you got over three	mr
mr	m'kay, that's good!  let's see what your mom and dad have to
m'kay, that's good!  let's see what your mom and dad have to	mr
mr	eh-xcuse me, there's been a misunderstanding
eh-xcuse me, there's been a misunderstanding	come on in, mr
come on in, mr	uh, mr
uh, mr	sshhuudduupp!! you think we don't know your name?! we know
sshhuudduupp!! you think we don't know your name?! we know	really?
really?	people? you mean sheeple
people? you mean sheeple	you've been a thorn in our side for too long, i'm afraid
you've been a thorn in our side for too long, i'm afraid	too late
too late	jesus christ!!
jesus christ!!	hahaha
hahaha	some pigs never learn
some pigs never learn	no
no	he was right
he was right	yes
yes	
	why?!
why?!	oldest reason in the world
oldest reason in the world	beauutiful money, hahahaha!
beauutiful money, hahahaha!	
	is the whole government in on this?
is the whole government in on this?	we are all-knowing and all-powerful
we are all-knowing and all-powerful	dangit! i missed again!
dangit! i missed again!	for christ's sake, cheney! 
for christ's sake, cheney! 	kyle! run! 
kyle! run! 	kill them!
kill them!	attention students
attention students	all right, now we have to switch over to interbus 65
all right, now we have to switch over to interbus 65	it just
it just	yeah, our eyes are finally open, dude
yeah, our eyes are finally open, dude	yeah
yeah	well dude, maybe we're just super badass
well dude, maybe we're just super badass	hey!  dude
hey!  dude	hey!
hey!	ogh!
ogh!	dude! what the hell is going on?!
dude! what the hell is going on?!	what who said?
what who said?	dude, we aren't going to kill you
dude, we aren't going to kill you	oh god!
oh god!	it isn't safe here, boys
it isn't safe here, boys	who the fuck are you?!
who the fuck are you?!	there's no time! come on! 
there's no time! come on! 	do you mind telling us what the hell is going on??
do you mind telling us what the hell is going on??	who are you?
who are you?	i'm a detective, and i'm afraid that you kids have been
i'm a detective, and i'm afraid that you kids have been	you f-figured this thing all out?
you f-figured this thing all out?	not me
not me	gave us both a clue
gave us both a clue	that clue led them to a 9/11 conspiracy group party, where they
that clue led them to a 9/11 conspiracy group party, where they	i was getting a clue like every two minutes
i was getting a clue like every two minutes	i got such a raging clue that i almost shot clue goo all over
i got such a raging clue that i almost shot clue goo all over	those clues pointed out that all the 9/11 conspiracy theories
those clues pointed out that all the 9/11 conspiracy theories	it was huuuge
it was huuuge	that all the 9/11 conspiracy web sites are run by the
that all the 9/11 conspiracy web sites are run by the	aw jesus
aw jesus	why would the government want people to believe they caused
why would the government want people to believe they caused	for a government to have power, they must appear to have
for a government to have power, they must appear to have	that's quite enough, hardly!  don't believe what he says, boys;
that's quite enough, hardly!  don't believe what he says, boys;	i knew it! you didn't plan 9/11 and you really didn't shoot
i knew it! you didn't plan 9/11 and you really didn't shoot	boys, you don't understand
boys, you don't understand	well why don't you just tell people the truth?!
well why don't you just tell people the truth?!	we do that too
we do that too	just one thing, mr
just one thing, mr	how come you couldn't just go home, dude? that's all we had to
how come you couldn't just go home, dude? that's all we had to	stan! what the fuck?!
stan! what the fuck?!	it was all planned out!
it was all planned out!	you knew this whole time? why?
you knew this whole time? why?	because it was me
because it was me	what??
what??	the stalls were full and i didn't wanna miss recess! i didn't
the stalls were full and i didn't wanna miss recess! i didn't	so you blamed the government?!
so you blamed the government?!	and the government was more than willing to take the blame, so
and the government was more than willing to take the blame, so	oh man, now everyone's gonna know
oh man, now everyone's gonna know	so wait, wait: stan took a dump in the urinal and he contacted
so wait, wait: stan took a dump in the urinal and he contacted	yuh
yuh	so then, who was responsible for 9/11?
so then, who was responsible for 9/11?	whattaya mean? a bunch of pissed-off muslims
whattaya mean? a bunch of pissed-off muslims	yeah
yeah	well, it looks like this mystery is solved
well, it looks like this mystery is solved	when you dook in the urinal, it's bad, m'kay!  how would you
when you dook in the urinal, it's bad, m'kay!  how would you	and so then, i put my finger up my butthole, right? and i
and so then, i put my finger up my butthole, right? and i	eric, i have to take you to the principal's office
eric, i have to take you to the principal's office	what? i didn't do it, kelly nelson's a liar!
what? i didn't do it, kelly nelson's a liar!	i've been instructed to bring you to the principal's office
i've been instructed to bring you to the principal's office	oh, suck my balls you ginger jew rat hall monitor! punkass
oh, suck my balls you ginger jew rat hall monitor! punkass	i'm just doin' my job
i'm just doin' my job	i'm juh duh duh duhhh! do you know why you're a hallway
i'm juh duh duh duhhh! do you know why you're a hallway	eric cartman, report to the principal's office immediately
eric cartman, report to the principal's office immediately	aw goddamnit!
aw goddamnit!	come on in, eric
come on in, eric	i'm sorry, principal victoria
i'm sorry, principal victoria	eric, the reason we called you in here is because it is your
eric, the reason we called you in here is because it is your	the hall monit- me?
the hall monit- me?	you need to watch for bad behavior, and make sure anyone in the
you need to watch for bad behavior, and make sure anyone in the	if anyone doesn't, you have the authority to bring them to me
if anyone doesn't, you have the authority to bring them to me	auth- authoritah?
auth- authoritah?	now eric, being the school hallway monitor is a big
now eric, being the school hallway monitor is a big	ahem
ahem	there's fear and darkness all around youthe criminals are on
there's fear and darkness all around youthe criminals are on	hey, kid, get outta there
hey, kid, get outta there	that's cool
that's cool	what?
what?	you know what this is? this is the mace that they use on bears,
you know what this is? this is the mace that they use on bears,	it's right here
it's right here	all right, cool, brah
all right, cool, brah	what? you can't just push me up against the-
what? you can't just push me up against the-	argh!
argh!	aah!
aah!	i am the dawg, the big bad-  oh my god!  what the fuck is this?!
i am the dawg, the big bad-  oh my god!  what the fuck is this?!	and so this shape with four sides is what, class?
and so this shape with four sides is what, class?	boyarrrgh!  ike broflovski! you littering my hallway, brah?!
boyarrrgh!  ike broflovski! you littering my hallway, brah?!	what are you doing?!
what are you doing?!	i found this in the hallway
i found this in the hallway	i don't think that's really necessary
i don't think that's really necessary	hey! i don't tell you how to run your class, don't tell me how
hey! i don't tell you how to run your class, don't tell me how	ike has a crush on teacher!
ike has a crush on teacher!	ike has a crush on teacher! 
ike has a crush on teacher! 	that's enough, class!  okay, well see you tomorrow, everybody
that's enough, class!  okay, well see you tomorrow, everybody	i don't like mason
i don't like mason	you listen, and you really care about what i have to say
you listen, and you really care about what i have to say	and i can't fight this feelin' anymorei've forgotten what i
and i can't fight this feelin' anymorei've forgotten what i	that was unbelievable
that was unbelievable	ike made a nuno
ike made a nuno	hey there, mr
hey there, mr	hands?! let me see those hands!
hands?! let me see those hands!	haaaah!
haaaah!	where's your pass?! show me your hall pass, brah!
where's your pass?! show me your hall pass, brah!	it's, it's
it's, it's	i knew it! 
i knew it! 	look, brah, i had to bring you in, but i don't have any hard
look, brah, i had to bring you in, but i don't have any hard	huh?
huh?	here, you need a smoke, brah?
here, you need a smoke, brah?	uhh, okay
uhh, okay	you've gotta give yourself over to christ, brah
you've gotta give yourself over to christ, brah	i do
i do	jesus is lord
jesus is lord	kyle, i need you to go get your brother over at his teacher's
kyle, i need you to go get your brother over at his teacher's	huh?
huh?	tell his teacher i'm sorry, but i forgot he has a doctor's
tell his teacher i'm sorry, but i forgot he has a doctor's	what's he doing at his teacher's house?
what's he doing at his teacher's house?	he's been going there in the afternoons for private tutoring
he's been going there in the afternoons for private tutoring	hello?  excuse me
hello?  excuse me	oooh! 
oooh! 	oh god!  i'm sorry
oh god!  i'm sorry	oh, what's the use, ike? we're caught
oh, what's the use, ike? we're caught	really?! what's there not to understand?!
really?! what's there not to understand?!	your brother and i
your brother and i	he's a little young, don't you think?!
he's a little young, don't you think?!	oh
oh	ike is very mature for his age, and you know it!
ike is very mature for his age, and you know it!	ring around the rosey
ring around the rosey	he makes me feel like nobody else does
he makes me feel like nobody else does	all right! we're getting the hell out of here! 
all right! we're getting the hell out of here! 	nonono, nononono
nonono, nononono	ike, you can't possibly want this
ike, you can't possibly want this	no, no
no, no	ike?
ike?	is it so hard to believe that true love exists?
is it so hard to believe that true love exists?	this is nuts
this is nuts	mom, dad, have you ever met ike's kindergarten teacher? 
mom, dad, have you ever met ike's kindergarten teacher? 	miss stevenson? yes
miss stevenson? yes	yeah
yeah	that's great
that's great	yyeah, except maybe it's not perfectly great, because to some
yyeah, except maybe it's not perfectly great, because to some	spider-man! i'm safe, mom
spider-man! i'm safe, mom	yes, ike, you like spider-man, don't you?
yes, ike, you like spider-man, don't you?	mom, there might be something that you should look into about
mom, there might be something that you should look into about	weohhh part ten
weohhh part ten	mommy loves you too, sweetie
mommy loves you too, sweetie	would you excuse us for a second?  you just can't expect me to
would you excuse us for a second?  you just can't expect me to	sex? oh bubbe, ike is much too young
sex? oh bubbe, ike is much too young	you're so full of crap, foley
you're so full of crap, foley	what? i did shoot him in the face
what? i did shoot him in the face	ex, excuse me?  my name is
ex, excuse me?  my name is	oh? what's the crime?
oh? what's the crime?	well, i attend south park elementary, ah-and
well, i attend south park elementary, ah-and	oh my god! this is terrible!  ya-you did the right thing
oh my god! this is terrible!  ya-you did the right thing	well, it isn't a guy teacher
well, it isn't a guy teacher	a woman
a woman	yeah
yeah	oh, but, but she's ugly, right?
oh, but, but she's ugly, right?	well no, not really
well no, not really	the blonde?
the blonde?	yeah
yeah	some young boy is having sex with miss stevenson?
some young boy is having sex with miss stevenson?	yes
yes	nisssse
nisssse	nnice
nnice	what?! no, you don't understand-
what?! no, you don't understand-	you sure they've had sex?
you sure they've had sex?	yeah
yeah	has she performed oral sex on him?
has she performed oral sex on him?	i think so
i think so	
	nisssse
nisssse	nisssse
nisssse	so wait, what, what's the crime?
so wait, what, what's the crime?	the crime is, she isn't doing it with me
the crime is, she isn't doing it with me	hay! he's totally underage
hay! he's totally underage	you're right
you're right	gargh!
gargh!	guys, can i talk to you?
guys, can i talk to you?	sure dude
sure dude	i need you to keep quiet about this, all right?  my little
i need you to keep quiet about this, all right?  my little	brahs, it's almost class time
brahs, it's almost class time	not now, cartman! i have really serious problems!
not now, cartman! i have really serious problems!	dude, what's the matter?
dude, what's the matter?	the kindergarten teacher is having sex with my little brother
the kindergarten teacher is having sex with my little brother	
	(reaaly??)
(reaaly??)	damn, brah, your little brother's pretty cool
damn, brah, your little brother's pretty cool	it's not cool! ike isn't old enough to understand
it's not cool! ike isn't old enough to understand	what's to understand? you get a boner, slap her titties around
what's to understand? you get a boner, slap her titties around	"stick it inside her and pee"
"stick it inside her and pee"	well, okay, fine
well, okay, fine	dude, i really don't see a problem
dude, i really don't see a problem	yeah, i've got bigger things to deal with
yeah, i've got bigger things to deal with	you guys don't understand! his wacko teacher is like a
you guys don't understand! his wacko teacher is like a	they what??
they what??	they sneak out during class and make out in the hallways!
they sneak out during class and make out in the hallways!	hang on a second: making out in the hallways is strictly
hang on a second: making out in the hallways is strictly	well they're doing it!
well they're doing it!	yeah, well now it's personal! the hallways are my jurisdiction!
yeah, well now it's personal! the hallways are my jurisdiction!	okay, just continue with your macaroni pictures
okay, just continue with your macaroni pictures	i like dada better
i like dada better	i got your love letter, and i wrote you one back
i got your love letter, and i wrote you one back	hall infraction! 
hall infraction! 	oh uhh, we were just heading back in
oh uhh, we were just heading back in	you got a hall pass, brah?!
you got a hall pass, brah?!	i don't need a hall pass
i don't need a hall pass	yeah? well, where's his hall pass?!
yeah? well, where's his hall pass?!	look, just let us get back in-
look, just let us get back in-	get down on the floor!
get down on the floor!	we're going back inside!
we're going back inside!	you like bear mace, icehead?!
you like bear mace, icehead?!	bear mace??
bear mace??	you're goin' with christ! 
you're goin' with christ! 	oooooh!
oooooh!	
	"ike, i long to feel your arms around me"?? miss stevenson,
"ike, i long to feel your arms around me"?? miss stevenson,	yes
yes	this is unbelievable
this is unbelievable	i know
i know	miss stevenson, i will need to inform the police
miss stevenson, i will need to inform the police	oh god
oh god	you just dealt with the dawg, bitch!
you just dealt with the dawg, bitch!	sorry we had to do this, but the lady principal insisted
sorry we had to do this, but the lady principal insisted	what's goin' on?
what's goin' on?	the kindergarten teacher is suspected of having sex with a
the kindergarten teacher is suspected of having sex with a	with a student? but
with a student? but	yeah
yeah	but
but	wow
wow	you don't owe me anything
you don't owe me anything	ike, i didn't tell on you, you got busted by the hallway
ike, i didn't tell on you, you got busted by the hallway	you are dead to me!
you are dead to me!	what?
what?	i said, you're dead to me!
i said, you're dead to me!	i'm dead to you?
i'm dead to you?	you're dead to me, kyle!
you're dead to me, kyle!	i'm at the police station
i'm at the police station	tom, an elementary school teacher is under arrest for allegedly
tom, an elementary school teacher is under arrest for allegedly	i am deeply sorry to announce that the allegations against me
i am deeply sorry to announce that the allegations against me	nice
nice	nissse
nissse	i know my actions were wrong, but i cannot be fully to blame
i know my actions were wrong, but i cannot be fully to blame	ohhhh
ohhhh	yes, i'm afraid it's true
yes, i'm afraid it's true	oh no!
oh no!	what?
what?	i don't believe it
i don't believe it	i am a perfectly good person, but when i drink, the alcohol
i am a perfectly good person, but when i drink, the alcohol	well, that explains it
well, that explains it	do we still press charges?
do we still press charges?	who are we gonna convict? johnny walker?
who are we gonna convict? johnny walker?	poor woman
poor woman	yeah, she's a hot victim
yeah, she's a hot victim	my client has agreed to check herself into rehab immediately
my client has agreed to check herself into rehab immediately	good luck, ma'am
good luck, ma'am	alcohol is a crutch which we use to medicate ourselves; to, to
alcohol is a crutch which we use to medicate ourselves; to, to	no, but my uncle used to ask me and my twin sister to loss and
no, but my uncle used to ask me and my twin sister to loss and	nissse
nissse	all better now
all better now	ike
ike	miss stephenson 
miss stephenson 	ike, we have to get out of here! they'll never let us be
ike, we have to get out of here! they'll never let us be	yaaaaaaaaaaaaay, mulan!
yaaaaaaaaaaaaay, mulan!	get your things together
get your things together	ike, are you okay?  ike?  iiiike! 
ike, are you okay?  ike?  iiiike! 	are you sure you're not lying, foley?
are you sure you're not lying, foley?	no, really! i shot both of them! they weren't even doin'
no, really! i shot both of them! they weren't even doin'	help! please, i need your help! that teacher, miss stevenson,
help! please, i need your help! that teacher, miss stevenson,	you're kidding!
you're kidding!	no, it's true!
no, it's true!	damnit, where were all these sexed-up teachers when i was a
damnit, where were all these sexed-up teachers when i was a	this is serious!
this is serious!	yeah, boys going to milan with a beautiful older woman
yeah, boys going to milan with a beautiful older woman	are you going to do nothing?!
are you going to do nothing?!	all right all right, we'll make a report
all right all right, we'll make a report	there you are
there you are	dude, my brother's in milan
dude, my brother's in milan	no, they haven't left yet
no, they haven't left yet	how do you know that?
how do you know that?	i had beth check out their travelocity account
i had beth check out their travelocity account	who's beth?
who's beth?	beth is my bitch
beth is my bitch	i got some badass guys to help me
i got some badass guys to help me	ehthat was pretty good
ehthat was pretty good	can we get going now, please?!
can we get going now, please?!	yep
yep	ike, is that all you're gonna do is watch tv?
ike, is that all you're gonna do is watch tv?	i love tv
i love tv	but what about me? i want to talk
but what about me? i want to talk	everyone get a good look at our fugitive! i want her taken down
everyone get a good look at our fugitive! i want her taken down	she ran away; now she got to deal with the dawg, huh?
she ran away; now she got to deal with the dawg, huh?	beth found out they have a room at the airport hilton
beth found out they have a room at the airport hilton	hey! you can't leave your car there!
hey! you can't leave your car there!	it's okay! i'm a hallway monitor!  keep separation! leeroy,
it's okay! i'm a hallway monitor!  keep separation! leeroy,	can i help you?
can i help you?	you seen this woman, brah?  she's staying here!
you seen this woman, brah?  she's staying here!	who are you?
who are you?	i am the dawg, the big bad dawg!
i am the dawg, the big bad dawg!	i think you should leave before i call the police!
i think you should leave before i call the police!	beth! bear-mace that guy!  let's check out the rooms! leeroy
beth! bear-mace that guy!  let's check out the rooms! leeroy	we need police here, right away! 
we need police here, right away! 	yes?
yes?	i'm looking for this teacher! is she in your room, brah?!
i'm looking for this teacher! is she in your room, brah?!	do you mind keepin' it down?
do you mind keepin' it down?	keep your mouth shut, brah!!
keep your mouth shut, brah!!	oh no! ike!  they're on to us!
oh no! ike!  they're on to us!	oh no!
oh no!	hurry darling! we have to get out of here!
hurry darling! we have to get out of here!	what have we got? what have we got?!
what have we got? what have we got?!	who called 911?!
who called 911?!	they went that way
they went that way	open up! i'm with the dawg! 
open up! i'm with the dawg! 	oh crap! 
oh crap! 	you freeze right there! 
you freeze right there! 	come on, darling! 
come on, darling! 	hey!  uh i got 'em, dawg
hey!  uh i got 'em, dawg	praise christ! let's go! 
praise christ! let's go! 	ike, run! 
ike, run! 	bear mace that guy! and that guy! 
bear mace that guy! and that guy! 	freeze, bitch!
freeze, bitch!	freeze!
freeze!	hands up! hands up!
hands up! hands up!	don't move! don't move!
don't move! don't move!	it's all right! there's been a misunderstanding! i'm a hall
it's all right! there's been a misunderstanding! i'm a hall	hey, that is the teacher we just got the report about
hey, that is the teacher we just got the report about	all right, miss stevenson, you got nowhere to go!
all right, miss stevenson, you got nowhere to go!	why couldn't you just leave us alone? all we wanted was to love
why couldn't you just leave us alone? all we wanted was to love	get down! we can do this the easy way, or we can do it
get down! we can do this the easy way, or we can do it	she gawt a scarf awn her heyed, huh?
she gawt a scarf awn her heyed, huh?	it's all over, ike
it's all over, ike	now hold on, don't do anything foolish! we can talk about this!
now hold on, don't do anything foolish! we can talk about this!	you can't accept our love? so then we can only be together in
you can't accept our love? so then we can only be together in	no! ike, don't do it!
no! ike, don't do it!	i don deser futty bad man
i don deser futty bad man	ike, please
ike, please	you who don't believe in true love don't understand
you who don't believe in true love don't understand	ike, you need to have a life
ike, you need to have a life	i'm afraid you're too late
i'm afraid you're too late	yaaaay!
yaaaay!	ike!
ike!	well, looks like once again, the dawg has prevailed
well, looks like once again, the dawg has prevailed	hey kid, you need to get off the roof now
hey kid, you need to get off the roof now	that's cool
that's cool	halloween is a night for evil
halloween is a night for evil	what do you plan, lord satan?
what do you plan, lord satan?	on halloween we shall open the gates of hell, rise up to the
on halloween we shall open the gates of hell, rise up to the	how big a party are we talking?
how big a party are we talking?	have you seen those rich, spoiled, teenage girls who have
have you seen those rich, spoiled, teenage girls who have	satan, we can't possibly do-
satan, we can't possibly do-	silence!  halloween is about me! and i deserve a par-ty!
silence!  halloween is about me! and i deserve a par-ty!	oh boy, a halloween party up on earth
oh boy, a halloween party up on earth	i can't believe he got the entire w hotel
i can't believe he got the entire w hotel	this is going to be the best halloween ever
this is going to be the best halloween ever	go ahead, kyle, do it
go ahead, kyle, do it	i am doing it
i am doing it	no! don't do it!
no! don't do it!	what's the big deal, kyle? you just look in the mirror, and say
what's the big deal, kyle? you just look in the mirror, and say	biggie
biggie	see? you're scared
see? you're scared	fine!  then you do it, you're so tough!
fine!  then you do it, you're so tough!	i've done it lots of times
i've done it lots of times	prove it!
prove it!	biggie smalls
biggie smalls	you're afraid to do it, too
you're afraid to do it, too	i am not!
i am not!	then do it, if you're not yellow! 
then do it, if you're not yellow! 	biggie smalls
biggie smalls	hey fellas
hey fellas	let's go
let's go	oh my god
oh my god	satan, i must speak with thee
satan, i must speak with thee	what is it?
what is it?	you've invited so many celebrities on earth to your party that
you've invited so many celebrities on earth to your party that	well i have to invite celebrities or else my party won't be
well i have to invite celebrities or else my party won't be	satan, i warn thee, do not throw this party at the cost of
satan, i warn thee, do not throw this party at the cost of	i'm not alienating my friends! i know they come first!
i'm not alienating my friends! i know they come first!	i hope for your sake that's true
i hope for your sake that's true	halloween has always been a time of evil and darkness
halloween has always been a time of evil and darkness	none?
none?	satan mocks us
satan mocks us	his party must be stopped
his party must be stopped	yes, we cannot let evil take over our city, even for a night
yes, we cannot let evil take over our city, even for a night	what can we do? 
what can we do? 	tomorrow night, after all of satan's guests have arrived, we'll
tomorrow night, after all of satan's guests have arrived, we'll	that's why i like to brush my teeth; i know they're clean and
that's why i like to brush my teeth; i know they're clean and	what the fuck is this?!
what the fuck is this?!	aaaah! 
aaaah! 	hey! 
hey! 	waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! 
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! 	butters! we told you to be in bed! what are you doing?!
butters! we told you to be in bed! what are you doing?!	i summoned biggie smalls, the hip-hop rapper!
i summoned biggie smalls, the hip-hop rapper!	you had a nightmare! turn around and get back in your room
you had a nightmare! turn around and get back in your room	but dad, he's gonna bust a cap in my ass!
but dad, he's gonna bust a cap in my ass!	well, you wanna get shot or you wanna be grounded?!
well, you wanna get shot or you wanna be grounded?!	aaaaaaaaaah! 
aaaaaaaaaah! 	
	so i want the dj to set up over here, and then the main dance
so i want the dj to set up over here, and then the main dance	what about valets? ha, how will people be arriving from hell?
what about valets? ha, how will people be arriving from hell?	oh, it's like a dimensional vortex gate thingy, they won't have
oh, it's like a dimensional vortex gate thingy, they won't have	buut we're probably gonna want security at the dimensional
buut we're probably gonna want security at the dimensional	i want all the servers dressed in skimpy outfits serving all
i want all the servers dressed in skimpy outfits serving all	this is getting really expensive
this is getting really expensive	shut up, it's halloween! this is my night! then at midnight,
shut up, it's halloween! this is my night! then at midnight,	oh yeah, p diddy had his birthday party here a couple years
oh yeah, p diddy had his birthday party here a couple years	oh, screw that, then
oh, screw that, then	does it matter?!
does it matter?!	yes it matters! i don't wanna do it if diddy did it!
yes it matters! i don't wanna do it if diddy did it!	how about a doughnut machine?
how about a doughnut machine?	did diddy do it?
did diddy do it?	diddy did do it
diddy did do it	a full ice cream bar!
a full ice cream bar!	diddy did it
diddy did it	damnit, what didn't diddy do?!  wait
damnit, what didn't diddy do?!  wait	a ferrari cake?
a ferrari cake?	diddy didn't do it
diddy didn't do it	satan, really, the logistics of getting a cake the size of a
satan, really, the logistics of getting a cake the size of a	this party has to be the bomb! don't you get it?!  when
this party has to be the bomb! don't you get it?!  when	hear me, demons! lord satan has demanded a ferrari cake! now i
hear me, demons! lord satan has demanded a ferrari cake! now i	no problem
no problem	we can handle it
we can handle it	heed my words: satan's entire halloween depends on this ferrari
heed my words: satan's entire halloween depends on this ferrari	you punkass fool!
you punkass fool!	haaaah
haaaah	why'd you summon me?
why'd you summon me?	p-please don't ice me, homie?
p-please don't ice me, homie?	you'd better have a good reason, sucka!
you'd better have a good reason, sucka!	i just
i just	damn! every halloween i gots tuh deal with this shit! i'm in
damn! every halloween i gots tuh deal with this shit! i'm in	i iii, i apologize, mr
i iii, i apologize, mr	you don't understand, fool! i ain't missin' the party!
you don't understand, fool! i ain't missin' the party!	w-what party?
w-what party?	i already got my wristband, see?  you've got to get me to los
i already got my wristband, see?  you've got to get me to los	uh whah well can't you just take a plane?
uh whah well can't you just take a plane?	how, punk?! we don't use money in her, nigga!
how, punk?! we don't use money in her, nigga!	well damn, nigger, there's gotta be some way!
well damn, nigger, there's gotta be some way!	this is your fault, homie! you've gots to get me to that party
this is your fault, homie! you've gots to get me to that party	oh hamburgers!
oh hamburgers!	yes
yes	yeah, it's okay, but everyone thinks zazul's schoolgirl costume
yeah, it's okay, but everyone thinks zazul's schoolgirl costume	ehhhhhhh
ehhhhhhh	zazul, switch costumes with me
zazul, switch costumes with me	satan, zazul worked really hard on his costume
satan, zazul worked really hard on his costume	nobody can look hotter than me! it's my super sweet 16
nobody can look hotter than me! it's my super sweet 16	relax, it's being picked up from the bakery
relax, it's being picked up from the bakery	all right, this is the place
all right, this is the place	who's lousing?
who's lousing?	come 'ere
come 'ere	can i help you?
can i help you?	we're here to pick up the ferrari cake
we're here to pick up the ferrari cake	ohhh yes, it's just about finished
ohhh yes, it's just about finished	we got that flatbed
we got that flatbed	okay well, we're just gonna need to- gyaaah! 
okay well, we're just gonna need to- gyaaah! 	gacy, you numbskull, what'd ya kill him for?!
gacy, you numbskull, what'd ya kill him for?!	i didn't mean tuh
i didn't mean tuh	give me that! 
give me that! 	oh!
oh!	what's the matter with you?!  take this!
what's the matter with you?!  take this!	everything all right?  bwa! gaaaghaghaghagh!
everything all right?  bwa! gaaaghaghaghagh!	you nincompoop! 
you nincompoop! 	ow
ow	that was the baker!
that was the baker!	he startled me
he startled me	gacy!  what'dja kill him for?!  siddonw!
gacy!  what'dja kill him for?!  siddonw!	i'm a victim of circumstance
i'm a victim of circumstance	ahh, who're you hittin'? 
ahh, who're you hittin'? 	ohhhh
ohhhh	nyuk nyuk nyuk nyuk nyuk nyuk nyuk
nyuk nyuk nyuk nyuk nyuk nyuk nyuk	get outta here
get outta here	did your son say anything before he disappeared, mrs
did your son say anything before he disappeared, mrs	he just said something about
he just said something about	dude
dude	du
du	dad! dad!
dad! dad!	what?
what?	if you look in the mirror and say biggie smalls' name three
if you look in the mirror and say biggie smalls' name three	biggie smalls?
biggie smalls?	you know, escargot, my cargo, one eighteen, sippin' on booze at
you know, escargot, my cargo, one eighteen, sippin' on booze at	all right, boys, i know it's halloween, but you can't summon
all right, boys, i know it's halloween, but you can't summon	how do you know??
how do you know??	i'm a geologist! 
i'm a geologist! 	he's right
he's right	hguh
hguh	i can do it
i can do it	how can we be sure? how do we know butters isn't with biggie
how can we be sure? how do we know butters isn't with biggie	i'm going going, back back, to cali cali
i'm going going, back back, to cali cali	yo dawg, keep it down
yo dawg, keep it down	yo dawg, uh, can't i just go back home right after the flight
yo dawg, uh, can't i just go back home right after the flight	oh no! you summoned my spirit, you're gettin' me all the way to
oh no! you summoned my spirit, you're gettin' me all the way to	
	oh, god-damnit! 
oh, god-damnit! 	it does work!!
it does work!!	holy crap!!
holy crap!!	that's it! now i'm pissed! 
that's it! now i'm pissed! 	hehey, everybody
hehey, everybody	can you hear me now? can you hear me now? 
can you hear me now? can you hear me now? 	everyone quiet! here he is, the man of the night, satan!  get
everyone quiet! here he is, the man of the night, satan!  get	yes, hello? it this the fire department?  wait, shh, shh, shh
yes, hello? it this the fire department?  wait, shh, shh, shh	what?
what?	the fire marshal is at the party! satan invited him!priest:"
the fire marshal is at the party! satan invited him!priest:"	this is vip
this is vip	hey, satan, you got a little problem
hey, satan, you got a little problem	what?
what?	somebody showed up in a crocodile hunter costume
somebody showed up in a crocodile hunter costume	oh jeez
oh jeez	but it's me, satan
but it's me, satan	oh
oh	wait! i thought we were friends!
wait! i thought we were friends!	oh hey, sinatra! 
oh hey, sinatra! 	demonius!  demonius, we have a problem!
demonius!  demonius, we have a problem!	what is it?
what is it?	the ferrari cake! it isn't here!
the ferrari cake! it isn't here!	what?? don't even tell me that!
what?? don't even tell me that!	it was never delivered to the hotel
it was never delivered to the hotel	deva! fetch my blackberry! that ferrari cake must get here by
deva! fetch my blackberry! that ferrari cake must get here by	do you gentlemen need a hand? 
do you gentlemen need a hand? 	gacy!  whatcha do that foor?!
gacy!  whatcha do that foor?!	i did it for dahmer
i did it for dahmer	for dahmer?
for dahmer?	yeah
yeah	dahmer! stop havin' sex with them intestines!
dahmer! stop havin' sex with them intestines!	what good are intestines if you can't have sex with them?
what good are intestines if you can't have sex with them?	we gotta get rid of this body before anyone sees it!  now get
we gotta get rid of this body before anyone sees it!  now get	leave him alone!  unh!
leave him alone!  unh!	cut it!  come 'ere, ya
cut it!  come 'ere, ya	oh! 
oh! 	there
there	oh no!
oh no!	mmm, ferrari
mmm, ferrari	what's the matter with you?! it's ruined!
what's the matter with you?! it's ruined!	we're gonna get it now
we're gonna get it now	this is a really extravagant party, satan
this is a really extravagant party, satan	i know, but just wait till midnight
i know, but just wait till midnight	uh, these aren't the right wristbands
uh, these aren't the right wristbands	uh, yes they are
uh, yes they are	then how come they say "knott's berry farm"? 
then how come they say "knott's berry farm"? 	in the name of christ, just let us in!
in the name of christ, just let us in!	we're really sorry, mr
we're really sorry, mr	not as sorry as you're gonna be, if i completely miss the party!
not as sorry as you're gonna be, if i completely miss the party!	here you go, flight 72 to los angeles boarding in 10 minutes
here you go, flight 72 to los angeles boarding in 10 minutes	see? you can still make it for the end of the party
see? you can still make it for the end of the party	yeah, i'm just gonna be pissed if i miss-  what the? no! no!
yeah, i'm just gonna be pissed if i miss-  what the? no! no!	
	motherfucking god-damnit!
motherfucking god-damnit!	that's pretty cool
that's pretty cool	cool this, sucka! 
cool this, sucka! 	all right, listen you mugs! it's now 11:30
all right, listen you mugs! it's now 11:30	no problem! it just so happens that i went to an italian
no problem! it just so happens that i went to an italian	yeah? why'd you quit?
yeah? why'd you quit?	there weren't enough italians to eat
there weren't enough italians to eat	nyak nyak nyak nyak nya-eh  nyaaa nyaaaa
nyak nyak nyak nyak nya-eh  nyaaa nyaaaa	get over here!  all right, what's the recipe call for first?
get over here!  all right, what's the recipe call for first?	ten thousand eggs
ten thousand eggs	gacy, go get ten thousand eggs
gacy, go get ten thousand eggs	you get 'em!
you get 'em!	shut up!
shut up!	nyaaaaa! 
nyaaaaa! 	oh! ohh, wise guy, ey? 
oh! ohh, wise guy, ey? 	gaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
gaaaaaaaaaaaaah!	how's that?
how's that?	hey! leave him alone! 
hey! leave him alone! 	aaa!
aaa!	nehhh!
nehhh!	try that again!
try that again!	nehhh! 
nehhh! 	what happened??
what happened??	shut up! 
shut up! 	he can't do it, he can't do it
he can't do it, he can't do it	all right, be quiet
all right, be quiet	what do we do?? it's midnight
what do we do?? it's midnight	this is terrible!
this is terrible!	it's okay! it's okay!  i found a backup! go ahead and start the
it's okay! it's okay!  i found a backup! go ahead and start the	your attention please: it is now midnight! time for satan's
your attention please: it is now midnight! time for satan's	i wonder what this is going to be
i wonder what this is going to be	just you wait
just you wait	ladies and gentlemen: a fully edible acura cake! 
ladies and gentlemen: a fully edible acura cake! 	acura?? but i wanted a ferrari! 
acura?? but i wanted a ferrari! 	we did the best we could; there was a problem
we did the best we could; there was a problem	acuras are really nice
acuras are really nice	it's not the car i wanted! the whole party's ruined! 
it's not the car i wanted! the whole party's ruined! 	it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter	it's not about them, it's all about meeeeeee!!! 
it's not about them, it's all about meeeeeee!!! 	wow, what a jerk
wow, what a jerk	come on, helen
come on, helen	oh god, what's happened to me? i've never been this terrible
oh god, what's happened to me? i've never been this terrible	satan, don't be so hard on yourself
satan, don't be so hard on yourself	but i am
but i am	uhh, excuse me
uhh, excuse me	what the-?
what the-?	thanks
thanks	i am soo sick of this! wait, i'm at the party
i am soo sick of this! wait, i'm at the party	sure, homie
sure, homie	and it's not too late
and it's not too late	wull what the heck? i'm gonna get grounded anyway, might as
wull what the heck? i'm gonna get grounded anyway, might as	come ohhhn! come ohhhn! oh, for the love of god, how much
come ohhhn! come ohhhn! oh, for the love of god, how much	there you are, eric
there you are, eric	i'm waiting for the new nintendo wii to come out
i'm waiting for the new nintendo wii to come out	when does it come out?
when does it come out?	three weeks
three weeks	it's time for school
it's time for school	no mom, you don't understand! i've been waiting for this thing
no mom, you don't understand! i've been waiting for this thing	eric, you're just going to have to be patient
eric, you're just going to have to be patient	noo!! nooo!!
noo!! nooo!!	principal victoria, it is wrong!  it is wrong and i simply will
principal victoria, it is wrong!  it is wrong and i simply will	mrs
mrs	evolution is a theory! a hare-brained theory that says i'm a
evolution is a theory! a hare-brained theory that says i'm a	m, m'kay
m, m'kay	i warn you, principal victoria! those students are not prepared
i warn you, principal victoria! those students are not prepared	our students want to learn, mrs
our students want to learn, mrs	how long until nintendo wii comes out now?!
how long until nintendo wii comes out now?!	it's still three weeks
it's still three weeks	oh god
oh god	will you shut up already?! 
will you shut up already?! 	all right kids, it is now my job to teach you the theory of
all right kids, it is now my job to teach you the theory of	oh boy!
oh boy!	now i, for one, think evolution is a bunch of bull crap
now i, for one, think evolution is a bunch of bull crap	hehhh! i can't take it anymore! haaaaah!
hehhh! i can't take it anymore! haaaaah!	yeah? you see? i knew that would happen
yeah? you see? i knew that would happen	come ohhhn! c-come ohhhn! 
come ohhhn! c-come ohhhn! 	look, kid, for the fortieth time, pacing in front of the store
look, kid, for the fortieth time, pacing in front of the store	eric, you're coming home right now!
eric, you're coming home right now!	can't i just stay and
can't i just stay and	it's almost bedtime
it's almost bedtime	oh god!
oh god!	agh! that does it!! i am not waiting three weeks!!
agh! that does it!! i am not waiting three weeks!!	you guys! you guys! you guys, you gotta help me
you guys! you guys! you guys, you gotta help me	dude you don't look so good, cartman
dude you don't look so good, cartman	i can't take it anymore, you guys
i can't take it anymore, you guys	well there's nothing you can do, so you just have to be patient
well there's nothing you can do, so you just have to be patient	no
no	(what?)
(what?)	all right, listen: you know how in space movies they put
all right, listen: you know how in space movies they put	do what?
do what?	freeze myself
freeze myself	no
no	it's simple science, kyle
it's simple science, kyle	you'll die, retard!
you'll die, retard!	i'll die waiting for the wii to come out!! don't you see this
i'll die waiting for the wii to come out!! don't you see this	dude, no way
dude, no way	yeah, i hate you, but i'm not going to help kill you
yeah, i hate you, but i'm not going to help kill you	i thought you were my friends! i guess i was wrong! after
i thought you were my friends! i guess i was wrong! after	principal victoria, we are a devout catholic family! do you
principal victoria, we are a devout catholic family! do you	i told you this would happen, didn't i?!
i told you this would happen, didn't i?!	mr
mr	we have worked years to instill the teachings of jesus christ
we have worked years to instill the teachings of jesus christ	i hear ya
i hear ya	sir, if you don't wish your daughter to learn about evolution,
sir, if you don't wish your daughter to learn about evolution,	you most certainly will!
you most certainly will!	but dad, i want to learn everything
but dad, i want to learn everything	no you don't! shut up! 
no you don't! shut up! 	well, i told you
well, i told you	it has become obvious to me that you don't know enough about
it has become obvious to me that you don't know enough about	re-replaced??
re-replaced??	richard dawkins is a world-renowned evolutionary scientist
richard dawkins is a world-renowned evolutionary scientist	charmed to meet you
charmed to meet you	shut up, faggot! principal victoria, i can teach my own class!
shut up, faggot! principal victoria, i can teach my own class!	you are to sit in class and help mr
you are to sit in class and help mr	over billions of years life has evolved from simple one-celled
over billions of years life has evolved from simple one-celled	whatever
whatever	it was changes in hereditary traits that allowed the first
it was changes in hereditary traits that allowed the first	retarded fish-frogs
retarded fish-frogs	ms
ms	well, you're a faggot!  continue
well, you're a faggot!  continue	you see, children, life has the amazing ability to change, to
you see, children, life has the amazing ability to change, to	so you are saying that we're all related to monkeys
so you are saying that we're all related to monkeys	well yes, basically, we are
well yes, basically, we are	do you see monkeys at the zoo?! they crap in their hands and
do you see monkeys at the zoo?! they crap in their hands and	ms
ms	what about the fact that if i believe in this crap, you're
what about the fact that if i believe in this crap, you're	actually, no
actually, no	aha! i've got you, you snake in the grass!! i found you out!!
aha! i've got you, you snake in the grass!! i found you out!!	i never covered it up
i never covered it up	and if i'm a monkey, then i might as well act like a monkey,
and if i'm a monkey, then i might as well act like a monkey,	what on earth are you doing?? 
what on earth are you doing?? 	don't ask me, i'm a fuckin' monkey!! 
don't ask me, i'm a fuckin' monkey!! 	aaah!
aaah!	principal victoria, i was simply trying to make a point to mr
principal victoria, i was simply trying to make a point to mr	mrs
mrs	what??
what??	principal victoria, i really don't think that's necessary
principal victoria, i really don't think that's necessary	very well
very well	ms
ms	what?!
what?!	look, i know you think we're at war, but i want you to know i
look, i know you think we're at war, but i want you to know i	you d-you do?
you d-you do?	i've never met a woman with so much
i've never met a woman with so much	well i
well i	so much boldness in a woman
so much boldness in a woman	no! n-no! my, my husband is g-gone, dead
no! n-no! my, my husband is g-gone, dead	would you then
would you then	well,  well, i suppose we could have a little steak or
well,  well, i suppose we could have a little steak or	i've got a date! i've got a date! my first real date with a
i've got a date! i've got a date! my first real date with a	ey!
ey!	whoa!
whoa!	close the door, i'm trying to freeze!
close the door, i'm trying to freeze!	eric, get out of there
eric, get out of there	no! no, it's too soon!
no! no, it's too soon!	now eric, this has gone far enough!  you need to learn to be
now eric, this has gone far enough!  you need to learn to be	butters, get your coat
butters, get your coat	go where?
go where?	you're gonna help me freeze myself
you're gonna help me freeze myself	okay
okay	well, how come we've gotta come all the way out here?
well, how come we've gotta come all the way out here?	butters, if anyone else comes upon my frozen body, they'll try
butters, if anyone else comes upon my frozen body, they'll try	eric, are you sure this is a good idea?
eric, are you sure this is a good idea?	no, it's not a good idea
no, it's not a good idea	yeah
yeah	all right, you got the spot figured out? you're not gonna lose
all right, you got the spot figured out? you're not gonna lose	i got it
i got it	all right, now get out of here
all right, now get out of here	oh jeez! 
oh jeez! 	yes
yes	so i told my gynecologist, "you put so many things in my
so i told my gynecologist, "you put so many things in my	oh, ms
oh, ms	hehyeah, almost
hehyeah, almost	you have so much spunk, so much life
you have so much spunk, so much life	well
well	why is someone as outspoken as you given themselves over to the
why is someone as outspoken as you given themselves over to the	oh i'm not
oh i'm not	well what if i told you there was a flying spaghetti monster:
well what if i told you there was a flying spaghetti monster:	you're riiight
you're riiight	really?? oh that's wonderful!
really?? oh that's wonderful!	no, i totally get it now! evolution explains everything! there
no, i totally get it now! evolution explains everything! there	you're so welcome!
you're so welcome!	would you like tuh
would you like tuh	oh yeah! yeah, i'm a monkey! give this monkey what she wants!
oh yeah! yeah, i'm a monkey! give this monkey what she wants!	oh ms
oh ms	yeah, pound my monkey hole, richard! yeah, i'm a monkey all
yeah, pound my monkey hole, richard! yeah, i'm a monkey all	nin-ten-do
nin-ten-do	we have a pulse
we have a pulse	can you
can you	where am i?
where am i?	my name is shvek
my name is shvek	safe where, butthole?!
safe where, butthole?!	my friend, this is going to be a bit of a shock, but
my friend, this is going to be a bit of a shock, but	what??
what??	you have been frozen in ice for over 500 years
you have been frozen in ice for over 500 years	please be careful
please be careful	is the wii out? where's the wii?
is the wii out? where's the wii?	ahh, nintendo wii
ahh, nintendo wii	primitive? it has motion-control controllers, asswipe!
primitive? it has motion-control controllers, asswipe!	young man, you don't seem to understand
young man, you don't seem to understand	i don't care! is there a nintendo wii!
i don't care! is there a nintendo wii!	we don't play videogames in our time
we don't play videogames in our time	no
no	you must understand, children, that we are dealing with very
you must understand, children, that we are dealing with very	that's my man
that's my man	so, evolution doesn't even happen by chance
so, evolution doesn't even happen by chance	that's right, kids
that's right, kids	careful darling
careful darling	well there could still be a god
well there could still be a god	what?!
what?!	couldn't evolution be the answer to how and not the answer to
couldn't evolution be the answer to how and not the answer to	uh oh, retard alert! retard alert, class!  do you believe in a
uh oh, retard alert! retard alert, class!  do you believe in a	i wasn't talking about spaghetti
i wasn't talking about spaghetti	come on, you
come on, you	ms
ms	what?? but dick, you told me the world would be a better place
what?? but dick, you told me the world would be a better place	yes, but to be so bold about it
yes, but to be so bold about it	you've just been too soft on religious people in the past
you've just been too soft on religious people in the past	can you imagine a world with no religion? no muslims killing
can you imagine a world with no religion? no muslims killing	you're the smartest man on earth, dick
you're the smartest man on earth, dick	oh, just let me see those beautiful breasts again
oh, just let me see those beautiful breasts again	oh, all right
oh, all right	oh yeah, baby! oh-hm
oh yeah, baby! oh-hm	ohoh yeah!! ahhh!! 
ohoh yeah!! ahhh!! 	quick, general disarray! kill those superheroes!
quick, general disarray! kill those superheroes!	pehpew pehpew! 
pehpew pehpew! 	yes! now the world shall feel the wrath of professor chaos!
yes! now the world shall feel the wrath of professor chaos!	butters?  butters, you haven't seen eric cartman in the past
butters?  butters, you haven't seen eric cartman in the past	who, me?
who, me?	it's very importance, butters
it's very importance, butters	no ma'am
no ma'am	okay
okay	come on, professor chaos! let's destroy this anthill! 
come on, professor chaos! let's destroy this anthill! 	geh-general disarray, can i ask you a scientific question?
geh-general disarray, can i ask you a scientific question?	okay
okay	well, um, can
well, um, can	
	well, like what?
well, like what?	
	
	well yeah
well yeah	oh hamburgers!! 
oh hamburgers!! 	eric! erihic!
eric! erihic!	you just left him here?! without a jacket or anything?!
you just left him here?! without a jacket or anything?!	he told me to!
he told me to!	he's dead for sure
he's dead for sure	wait!  it's all different
wait!  it's all different	oh my god
oh my god	uh, eh, eric! eric!
uh, eh, eric! eric!	butters butterbutterbutters!  we have to get out of here!
butters butterbutterbutters!  we have to get out of here!	what??
what??	nobody is ever going to find his body
nobody is ever going to find his body	but i just did what he told me!
but i just did what he told me!	come on, we have to leave!!
come on, we have to leave!!	oh jumping jesus! 
oh jumping jesus! 	this is terrible
this is terrible	eric, i have good news for you
eric, i have good news for you	what??  really??  yes!! yes!!
what??  really??  yes!! yes!!	it's rumored that there's one at the museum of technology at
it's rumored that there's one at the museum of technology at	so i'm not too late! come on, let's go!
so i'm not too late! come on, let's go!	well, there's just
well, there's just	you see, my young friend, you were unfrozen for a reason
you see, my young friend, you were unfrozen for a reason	lots of people froze themselves in cryogenic labs and we don't
lots of people froze themselves in cryogenic labs and we don't	i know i'm special
i know i'm special	you lived in a time when a great event happened
you lived in a time when a great event happened	and this gives me a nintendo wii how?
and this gives me a nintendo wii how?	we believe that somebody you knew in your time was the person
we believe that somebody you knew in your time was the person	who? 
who? 	what in science's name was that?! 
what in science's name was that?! 	oh no! it's the united atheist alliance!
oh no! it's the united atheist alliance!	oh science, help us! 
oh science, help us! 	science damn you, unified atheist league!
science damn you, unified atheist league!	who are they??
who are they??	the alliance atheists
the alliance atheists	no! 
no! 	jesus christ!
jesus christ!	hahahaha, you believe in a supernatural being
hahahaha, you believe in a supernatural being	i'm just a little boy from the past who wants to play nintendo
i'm just a little boy from the past who wants to play nintendo	put me through to the allied atheist allegiance!
put me through to the allied atheist allegiance!	onscreen
onscreen	look, allied atheist allegiance! we have the time child!
look, allied atheist allegiance! we have the time child!	science damn you, united atheist alliance!
science damn you, united atheist alliance!	now you see, foolish sea otters, that we are the atheists in
now you see, foolish sea otters, that we are the atheists in	it won't make a difference! this is the dawning of the sea
it won't make a difference! this is the dawning of the sea	what??
what??	otters! the time has come! sound the nafferty!
otters! the time has come! sound the nafferty!	the nafferty! 
the nafferty! 	so, it begins!
so, it begins!	the year is 2006, and young eric cartman cannot wait for the
the year is 2006, and young eric cartman cannot wait for the	whoa, steady!  this way, otters! 
whoa, steady!  this way, otters! 	this is it
this is it	can it
can it	don't let the time child out of your sight
don't let the time child out of your sight	we have a deal, blavius
we have a deal, blavius	something is spooking the ostriches
something is spooking the ostriches	sure
sure	here it is! we have arrived
here it is! we have arrived	hold!  this is it, time child
hold!  this is it, time child	over here!  yeah it's here! it's here! the nintendo wii
over here!  yeah it's here! it's here! the nintendo wii	all right, time child, we've filled our side of the bargain
all right, time child, we've filled our side of the bargain	sorry blavius
sorry blavius	noooo!
noooo!	it was a trick!
it was a trick!	science damn you, time child!
science damn you, time child!	i got it! i got the wii!
i got it! i got the wii!	time child! you've returned!
time child! you've returned!	we thought for sure you had died in the in the phobart plant
we thought for sure you had died in the in the phobart plant	yeah
yeah	tc, wait!
tc, wait!	oh i can't wait! this is gonna be so awesome!  get out of my
oh i can't wait! this is gonna be so awesome!  get out of my	you gained the otters' trust?! were you wearing an information
you gained the otters' trust?! were you wearing an information	here
here	science be praised
science be praised	you've done a great thing, tc
you've done a great thing, tc	just send a maintenance guy to my room
just send a maintenance guy to my room	come on! come on! dude, what is taking so long! i wanna play!
come on! come on! dude, what is taking so long! i wanna play!	uhh, what kind of output does this have? this is some ancient
uhh, what kind of output does this have? this is some ancient	there's gotta be some way to hook it up! it's the freakin'
there's gotta be some way to hook it up! it's the freakin'	it may be the future for you, but i can't hook up anything to a
it may be the future for you, but i can't hook up anything to a	you've gotta be shittin' me!! science-damnit! i am so fucking
you've gotta be shittin' me!! science-damnit! i am so fucking	tc? what's wrong?
tc? what's wrong?	i'll tell you what's wrong! i've been waiting 500 years to play
i'll tell you what's wrong! i've been waiting 500 years to play	well, we're all glad you're back
well, we're all glad you're back	bark bark
bark bark	suck my balls, k-10
suck my balls, k-10	fellow atheists: the time child has returned with information
fellow atheists: the time child has returned with information	but, those are civilian otters
but, those are civilian otters	we cannot tolerate the otters! their science is flawed! their
we cannot tolerate the otters! their science is flawed! their	yes, but
yes, but	
	the united atheist alliance is about to send out all its
the united atheist alliance is about to send out all its	praise science
praise science	careful, son
careful, son	no! our answer to the great question is the only logical one
no! our answer to the great question is the only logical one	with new glade monvert cleaner, you can make your monvert
with new glade monvert cleaner, you can make your monvert	my monvert's never looked so clean
my monvert's never looked so clean	god i hate future tv
god i hate future tv	agh! i'm so bored
agh! i'm so bored	there's nothing to do
there's nothing to do	tell me about it
tell me about it	hey, i know! let's crank call people in the past!
hey, i know! let's crank call people in the past!	huh?
huh?	i just got
i just got	crank prank, crank prank time phone
crank prank, crank prank time phone	new, from blasbro, it's crank prank time phone!
new, from blasbro, it's crank prank time phone!	i just dial a random number on the keypad, enter a date and
i just dial a random number on the keypad, enter a date and	wow! someone from the past is on the line!  hello? is there a
wow! someone from the past is on the line!  hello? is there a	crank prank, crank prank time phone
crank prank, crank prank time phone	what?
what?	uh hi
uh hi	crank prank time phone comes with debilibrator , antimatter
crank prank time phone comes with debilibrator , antimatter	why didn't anyone tell me there was a time phone?!
why didn't anyone tell me there was a time phone?!	why does it matter? bark bark
why does it matter? bark bark	don't you see?? if i get one of those phones, i can call myself
don't you see?? if i get one of those phones, i can call myself	bark bark
bark bark	i care! where's the closest toy store??
i care! where's the closest toy store??	working, bark bark
working, bark bark	come on! come on!
come on! come on!	store is now
store is now	ugh, finally!
ugh, finally!	welcome to zeebod's toys
welcome to zeebod's toys	i want one of those time-phone things
i want one of those time-phone things	ahh, the crank prank time phone
ahh, the crank prank time phone	yeah yeah, i'm only gonna prank-call people
yeah yeah, i'm only gonna prank-call people	all right, that'll be 6000 credits
all right, that'll be 6000 credits	six thousand credits?! what do i look like to you? a thurilian
six thousand credits?! what do i look like to you? a thurilian	this is a pretty advanced piece of equipment
this is a pretty advanced piece of equipment	look, i have to have one of those phones!
look, i have to have one of those phones!	oh, all right, then i have to have 6000 credits
oh, all right, then i have to have 6000 credits	bark bark, i'm sorry, eric, bark bark
bark bark, i'm sorry, eric, bark bark	how about a robot? how much for the robot?
how about a robot? how much for the robot?	awww
awww	sorry, kid, you're just gonna have to crank-call people in the
sorry, kid, you're just gonna have to crank-call people in the	science-damnit!  wait
science-damnit!  wait	working, bark bark
working, bark bark	i want the name and address of anybody who's bought a time
i want the name and address of anybody who's bought a time	working, bark bark
working, bark bark	the united atheist alliance has taken the bait! soon they will
the united atheist alliance has taken the bait! soon they will	hail science! hail science! hail science!
hail science! hail science! hail science!	and i will personally kill the time child, and eat his entrails
and i will personally kill the time child, and eat his entrails	i'll get it, darling
i'll get it, darling	uh yes, hello? i'm calling for mr
uh yes, hello? i'm calling for mr	i;m sorry, there's no mr
i;m sorry, there's no mr	oh
oh	nno, there are no walls here
nno, there are no walls here	then how does your roof stay up? 
then how does your roof stay up? 	oh, i see! is this the johnson boys from down the street?!
oh, i see! is this the johnson boys from down the street?!	no, we're from the future
no, we're from the future	very funny!
very funny!	hi, uh, i'm a pepper, and i'm wondering if you'd like to be a
hi, uh, i'm a pepper, and i'm wondering if you'd like to be a	god darn ya! 
god darn ya! 	yeah
yeah	that was a great one! 
that was a great one! 	hello, i'm with the cubic waste department
hello, i'm with the cubic waste department	oh
oh	come on in, bob
come on in, bob	hey!
hey!	haha! stupid assholes! i got your time phone! 
haha! stupid assholes! i got your time phone! 	science h
science h	silence, otters!
silence, otters!	it's the wise one
it's the wise one	the wise one speaks
the wise one speaks	this is not the path we should be taking
this is not the path we should be taking	wise one, our answer to the great question is the only one
wise one, our answer to the great question is the only one	science, reason, is that really all there is?
science, reason, is that really all there is?	they are not a logical race, wise one! they go around chopping
they are not a logical race, wise one! they go around chopping	yes!  the great dawkins said we cannot tolerate those who don't
yes!  the great dawkins said we cannot tolerate those who don't	well perhaps the great dawkins wasn't so wise
well perhaps the great dawkins wasn't so wise	kill the wise one!
kill the wise one!	kill the wise one! 
kill the wise one! 	whoa, wait wait! 
whoa, wait wait! 	oh god!  hello? 
oh god!  hello? 	hello?  are you there?
hello?  are you there?	who is this?
who is this?	no, no, i have me
no, no, i have me	what?? who the hell is this?!
what?? who the hell is this?!	it's me
it's me	me who?!
me who?!	me you!
me you!	what?!
what?!	i'm you in the future! you have to be patient and wait for the
i'm you in the future! you have to be patient and wait for the	oh very funny, kyle!
oh very funny, kyle!	it's not kyle, it's you!
it's not kyle, it's you!	yeah? well you can go fuck yourself
yeah? well you can go fuck yourself	i'm trying to do you a favor, dumbass!! just listen to me!
i'm trying to do you a favor, dumbass!! just listen to me!	listen to this!  dickhead
listen to this!  dickhead	what an asshole!
what an asshole!	hello? 
hello? 	butters? butters!
butters? butters!	eric? iiis that you?
eric? iiis that you?	butters, butters! listen to me! just just listen
butters, butters! listen to me! just just listen	eric, are you playing a joke on me again?
eric, are you playing a joke on me again?	no! this is not a joke! whatever i say to you, butters, no
no! this is not a joke! whatever i say to you, butters, no	but
but	butters?! come on, we gotta go!
butters?! come on, we gotta go!	no! don't listen to me! tell me to go screw myself!
no! don't listen to me! tell me to go screw myself!	huh??
huh??	come on, butters, it's gonna get dark!
come on, butters, it's gonna get dark!	but, yyou're telling me not to go with you
but, yyou're telling me not to go with you	what??  who the fuck is this?!
what??  who the fuck is this?!	aw damnit, just listen to me! if you freeze yourself, you're
aw damnit, just listen to me! if you freeze yourself, you're	suck my balls!
suck my balls!	no, you suck my balls!! just listen to me for one minute!
no, you suck my balls!! just listen to me for one minute!	
	right before you left for butters' house, you drank a buncha
right before you left for butters' house, you drank a buncha	are you spying on me?!
are you spying on me?!	no, i am you, you stupid asshole!
no, i am you, you stupid asshole!	fuck you, asshole
fuck you, asshole	oh, all right then
oh, all right then	god i hate that guy!!
god i hate that guy!!	my friends, the time has come! may science give us the courage
my friends, the time has come! may science give us the courage	sir! the united atheist alliance has sent out all their ships
sir! the united atheist alliance has sent out all their ships	then begin the attack! science be praised
then begin the attack! science be praised	kill the table-eaters! in the name of almighty science! 
kill the table-eaters! in the name of almighty science! 	hello? 
hello? 	hello? kyle?
hello? kyle?	hello?
hello?	yes
yes	what do you want?!
what do you want?!	kyle, you are the smartest guy i know, so i think maybe you're
kyle, you are the smartest guy i know, so i think maybe you're	i'm not going to help you freeze yourself, cartman! it's a
i'm not going to help you freeze yourself, cartman! it's a	no, see, i know it's a stupid idea
no, see, i know it's a stupid idea	
	no, really, kyle, i'm i'm seriously
no, really, kyle, i'm i'm seriously	bark bark
bark bark	
	no, kyle, listen! please! i think right about now, i'm in my
no, kyle, listen! please! i think right about now, i'm in my	suck my balls, fatass
suck my balls, fatass	
	aw goddamnit, now you've made me miss my ride! my whole day is
aw goddamnit, now you've made me miss my ride! my whole day is	kyle?  kyle!
kyle?  kyle!	eric, i really think you should stop calling the past
eric, i really think you should stop calling the past	well i don't notice anything different, kit-9! do you?
well i don't notice anything different, kit-9! do you?	i guess not, meow meow
i guess not, meow meow	hm, i see
hm, i see	meow meow
meow meow	heeeeey!
heeeeey!	meow meow
meow meow	tc! we're under attack!
tc! we're under attack!	by who?!
by who?!	we have to get to the war room! it's the only safe place!
we have to get to the war room! it's the only safe place!	the united atheist league is bombing the city! we're
the united atheist league is bombing the city! we're	this is terrible! i'm gonna die in the future without ever
this is terrible! i'm gonna die in the future without ever	sir! the sea otters are advancing! they've broken through the
sir! the sea otters are advancing! they've broken through the	what?! three-way phone channel onscreen! 
what?! three-way phone channel onscreen! 	what are you otters doing?! this is our attack!
what are you otters doing?! this is our attack!	yes
yes	you fools! this will be the end of us all!
you fools! this will be the end of us all!	then accept our answer to the great question, and we will
then accept our answer to the great question, and we will	your answer to the great question is illogical!
your answer to the great question is illogical!	what is the great question?
what is the great question?	what atheists should call themselves
what atheists should call themselves	unified atheist league is the most logical name
unified atheist league is the most logical name	&gt;unified atheist allianace makes more sense
&gt;unified atheist allianace makes more sense	no! allied atheist alliance! that way it has three a's! that is
no! allied atheist alliance! that way it has three a's! that is	so be it
so be it	forward missiles launched, sir!
forward missiles launched, sir!	i have to get out of here! why is everyone in my past so stupid
i have to get out of here! why is everyone in my past so stupid	but eric, meow meow, you knew the wife of the smartest man in
but eric, meow meow, you knew the wife of the smartest man in	who?
who?	your teacher, the one called garrison
your teacher, the one called garrison	garrison? but he's an asshole
garrison? but he's an asshole	oh yeah! yeah, i'm a monkey! give this monkey what she wants!
oh yeah! yeah, i'm a monkey! give this monkey what she wants!	oh ms
oh ms	damnit, who the hell is calling?!
damnit, who the hell is calling?!	i'll thell them
i'll thell them	it's an emergency! it's an emergency!
it's an emergency! it's an emergency!	an emergency?
an emergency?	i need to speak to mr
i need to speak to mr	i'm sorry, but mr
i'm sorry, but mr	look asshole, this is a real emergency! just pass the phone to
look asshole, this is a real emergency! just pass the phone to	sex-change operation??
sex-change operation??	uh oh
uh oh	uuuuugh! you're a man?!
uuuuugh! you're a man?!	not anymore
not anymore	explain?? how can i be so stupid?? 
explain?? how can i be so stupid?? 	richard, come back, please!  well go ahead and leave, you
richard, come back, please!  well go ahead and leave, you	mr
mr	all right, eric
all right, eric	go
go	w-we told you: we're sending you home
w-we told you: we're sending you home	don't worry, my son
don't worry, my son	wait
wait	atheism? no
atheism? no	yes
yes	so there is no war now in the future
so there is no war now in the future	of course there's war
of course there's war	yeah!
yeah!	but now the moment has come to send you back to your time
but now the moment has come to send you back to your time	we unfroze you for a purpose, and now that purpose is fulfilled
we unfroze you for a purpose, and now that purpose is fulfilled	and what was that purpose again?
and what was that purpose again?	we explained that to you already
we explained that to you already	right
right	goodbye, eric
goodbye, eric	i'll miss you too, cocka-3
i'll miss you too, cocka-3	so long, eric
so long, eric	noooo!  i'm back
noooo!  i'm back	there you are, eric
there you are, eric	mom! mom, they did it!
mom! mom, they did it!	eric, you have to come home
eric, you have to come home	no, i know
no, i know	but, honey, it's only september
but, honey, it's only september	what? no!  noo!!  you sent me back too far!! hey! do it over!
what? no!  noo!!  you sent me back too far!! hey! do it over!	who are you talking to, muffin?
who are you talking to, muffin?	i can't wait two months!  i can't! there has to be a way around
i can't wait two months!  i can't! there has to be a way around	hey, kid, somebody's on the phone for you
hey, kid, somebody's on the phone for you	hello?
hello?	hello? hello? i know what you're thinking! do not do it! you
hello? hello? i know what you're thinking! do not do it! you	
	being a delivery boy for the south park gazette is a noble
being a delivery boy for the south park gazette is a noble	i'm sorry, mr
i'm sorry, mr	oh waaa waaa waaa! we've all got problems, pussy! get used to
oh waaa waaa waaa! we've all got problems, pussy! get used to	my bike had a busted pedal, but i got it fixed, so there won't
my bike had a busted pedal, but i got it fixed, so there won't	is that your bike out there? 
is that your bike out there? 	yeah
yeah	'cause it's being towed
'cause it's being towed	what?? 
what?? 	hey, hey! what are you doing?!
hey, hey! what are you doing?!	this your bike?
this your bike?	yes!
yes!	it's on the impound list
it's on the impound list	no-dude, i need my bike to do my job!
no-dude, i need my bike to do my job!	yeah? well my job is to tow this bike
yeah? well my job is to tow this bike	no noo
no noo	yes? come in
yes? come in	hi, my name is stan marsh
hi, my name is stan marsh	yes! come on, mr
yes! come on, mr	i got a job, but without my bike to do my paper route, i can't
i got a job, but without my bike to do my paper route, i can't	stan marsh is a bright young man
stan marsh is a bright young man	look, i really need my bike
look, i really need my bike	well, i'm afraid i can't give it to you, because then you
well, i'm afraid i can't give it to you, because then you	what do i have to learn?! this isn't fair!
what do i have to learn?! this isn't fair!	whoa whoa, hold on
whoa whoa, hold on	
	well it just so happens that the pee wee hockey team this year
well it just so happens that the pee wee hockey team this year	me?
me?	stan marsh is a washed-up fourth grader
stan marsh is a washed-up fourth grader	oh boy
oh boy	my name is stan and i'm your new coach
my name is stan and i'm your new coach	all right, fine, go ahead
all right, fine, go ahead	s- hold it a while, okay?
s- hold it a while, okay?	when you shoot the puck to another player
when you shoot the puck to another player	all right, all right, shut up! we're gonna practice! you two
all right, all right, shut up! we're gonna practice! you two	why not?!
why not?!	what, you got asthma or something?
what, you got asthma or something?	what?
what?	ah, it's okay
ah, it's okay	oh jesus, can we just practice?
oh jesus, can we just practice?	no! 
no! 	well well well! if it isn't the park county losers! 
well well well! if it isn't the park county losers! 	we just thought we'd come check out the ice for the game
we just thought we'd come check out the ice for the game	hey
hey	look, why don't you just give up? you can't beat us
look, why don't you just give up? you can't beat us	yeah!!
yeah!!	fine, if that's the way you want it
fine, if that's the way you want it	right! follow! 
right! follow! 	jesus christ
jesus christ	stanley, where have you been?! it's almost bedtime!
stanley, where have you been?! it's almost bedtime!	your mother's been worried sick, and i've been watching tv!
your mother's been worried sick, and i've been watching tv!	i got a new job
i got a new job	oh, well that's good
oh, well that's good	what kind of job?
what kind of job?	i'm working with the pee wee hockey league
i'm working with the pee wee hockey league	
	i'm not playing, i'm coaching
i'm not playing, i'm coaching	have you forgotten what happened all those years ago? or are
have you forgotten what happened all those years ago? or are	what are you talking about?
what are you talking about?	your pee wee hockey game! the pepsi center?! in between periods
your pee wee hockey game! the pepsi center?! in between periods	i remember going to shakey's afterwards
i remember going to shakey's afterwards	stan, you can't put your family through this again! whatever
stan, you can't put your family through this again! whatever	i'm tired
i'm tired	what are we goin' to do, sharon??
what are we goin' to do, sharon??	what?
what?	don't you get it? he's getting back into hockey to prove
don't you get it? he's getting back into hockey to prove	maybe he doesn't remember
maybe he doesn't remember	oho, he remembers
oho, he remembers	and we're about out of time here in another scoreless pee wee
and we're about out of time here in another scoreless pee wee	i crapped 'em! oh me i crapped 'em! 
i crapped 'em! oh me i crapped 'em! 	oh, it appears the goalie has pooped his pants
oh, it appears the goalie has pooped his pants	ohhhh!
ohhhh!	stan?? shoot it! 
stan?? shoot it! 	time is running out
time is running out	you got it, stan!
you got it, stan!	take the shot!! take the shot!!  nooooooooooo!
take the shot!! take the shot!!  nooooooooooo!	ohoooo, that's the end of the game! how disappointing
ohoooo, that's the end of the game! how disappointing	randy, what's wrong??
randy, what's wrong??	oh! ohh
oh! ohh	all right, guys
all right, guys	coach? hey coach
coach? hey coach	we are the browns
we are the browns	oh
oh	our little nelson, he's
our little nelson, he's	ohhh
ohhh	yeah
yeah	stop it, jack! he doesn't mean to take it out on you, coach
stop it, jack! he doesn't mean to take it out on you, coach	no, i don't mean to take it out on you, coach
no, i don't mean to take it out on you, coach	
	will you talk to him, coach? he looks up to you
will you talk to him, coach? he looks up to you	no, i think you oughta
no, i think you oughta	nah, i'm just his father
nah, i'm just his father	please, coach, he's
please, coach, he's	please, coach, he's counting on you!
please, coach, he's counting on you!	oh uh, hey nelson
oh uh, hey nelson	oh
oh	dude, i can come back later
dude, i can come back later	yeah, it's a pretty bad time for me, coach
yeah, it's a pretty bad time for me, coach	wugh, i'm not sure
wugh, i'm not sure	how come i have to die now?
how come i have to die now?	ogh
ogh	i mean, how come i don't get to grow up?
i mean, how come i don't get to grow up?	goddammit, dude, i don't know
goddammit, dude, i don't know	i'm sorry
i'm sorry	no, what i mean is, nobody really knows, see? but everyone does
no, what i mean is, nobody really knows, see? but everyone does	i think so
i think so	okay, great
okay, great	thanks, coach
thanks, coach	no- dude, i told you i can't do that
no- dude, i told you i can't do that	well then, will you just
well then, will you just	okay
okay	stan marsh has always lived a carefree life
stan marsh has always lived a carefree life	welcome, parents, to this pee wee hockey match between park
welcome, parents, to this pee wee hockey match between park	win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win!
win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win! win!	coach, can i talk to you for a second?
coach, can i talk to you for a second?	come to surrender, coach?
come to surrender, coach?	look, there's a kid in my team who's got cancer, and, he wants
look, there's a kid in my team who's got cancer, and, he wants	ha! i don't think so, coach
ha! i don't think so, coach	win! win! win! win! win! win! 
win! win! win! win! win! win! 	all right, guys, listen
all right, guys, listen	relax! if we lose we're not gonna be murderers
relax! if we lose we're not gonna be murderers	good luck, coach! you're gonna need it!  yeah! let's go adams!
good luck, coach! you're gonna need it!  yeah! let's go adams!	let's go, park! come on!
let's go, park! come on!	that's it, brian! kill him! 
that's it, brian! kill him! 	get near the puck! 
get near the puck! 	and that's the end of the game
and that's the end of the game	tie? well, what does that mean?
tie? well, what does that mean?	stan marsh was supposed to win it all
stan marsh was supposed to win it all	hello?
hello?	coach
coach	how are you feeling?
how are you feeling?	i feel pretty good, except for the cancer
i feel pretty good, except for the cancer	oh, hello coach
oh, hello coach	uh, hi doc
uh, hi doc	well, he isn't worse, but, he isn't getting better
well, he isn't worse, but, he isn't getting better	oh boy
oh boy	oh
oh	he seems to have put all his hope into you winning that game
he seems to have put all his hope into you winning that game	but what can i do?
but what can i do?	stan marsh! stan marsh! great news! our hockey team has just
stan marsh! stan marsh! great news! our hockey team has just	wow
wow	look! he's coming around again
look! he's coming around again	that's our biggest game ever
that's our biggest game ever	well, ah, i mean
well, ah, i mean	imagine
imagine	yeah
yeah	all right! maybe there is hope for me
all right! maybe there is hope for me	just be aware of this, coach
just be aware of this, coach	well, sure we can
well, sure we can	look, guys
look, guys	they're not gonna kill us
they're not gonna kill us	haven't you guys ever seen these movies? we're just supposed to
haven't you guys ever seen these movies? we're just supposed to	hey that's right
hey that's right	yeah!
yeah!	stan, i told you
stan, i told you	it's just for one game
it's just for one game	yeah!
yeah!	all right, but it's gonna take more than one good player to
all right, but it's gonna take more than one good player to	can you believe it, stan? the pepsi center
can you believe it, stan? the pepsi center	dad, i'm working on my game plan right now
dad, i'm working on my game plan right now	ya have to understand why i can't go
ya have to understand why i can't go	his shot is blocked! what a great save!  and that's the end of
his shot is blocked! what a great save!  and that's the end of	all right, you guys, this is it
all right, you guys, this is it	sorry boys, you aren't playing tonight
sorry boys, you aren't playing tonight	huh?
huh?	the other pee wee hockey team didn't show up
the other pee wee hockey team didn't show up	we came to play
we came to play	sso then we win?
sso then we win?	no
no	hey
hey	well, you've got nobody to play, there's nothing we can do
well, you've got nobody to play, there's nothing we can do	but it isn't supposed to end like this!
but it isn't supposed to end like this!	hey, hold on a second
hey, hold on a second	yeah
yeah	well, who are they gonna play?
well, who are they gonna play?	they can take our place
they can take our place	yeah
yeah	play the red wings?
play the red wings?	stan marsh coaches a pee wee hockey team
stan marsh coaches a pee wee hockey team	all right! give 'em hell, boys!
all right! give 'em hell, boys!	all right! yeah!
all right! yeah!	it's a tie game here in colorado as we get set to start the
it's a tie game here in colorado as we get set to start the	ohhhhhhhhh!
ohhhhhhhhh!	jesus christ!  stop! stop this!
jesus christ!  stop! stop this!	let them play!
let them play!	let them play! let them play! 
let them play! let them play! 	hey, can they do that??
hey, can they do that??	ow, no
ow, no	yeah! we did it! we did it! 
yeah! we did it! we did it! 	nooo! not again! nooo! 
nooo! not again! nooo! 	thank you, dad
thank you, dad	i'm proud of you, boy
i'm proud of you, boy	red wings! red wings! red wings! red wings! red wings! red
red wings! red wings! red wings! red wings! red wings! red	no hope
no hope	red wings! red wings! red wings! red wings! 
red wings! red wings! red wings! red wings! 	line
line	and now back to wheel of fortune!
and now back to wheel of fortune!	all right, randy, congratulations on making it all the way to
all right, randy, congratulations on making it all the way to	thanks, pat!
thanks, pat!	you've got some family here watching tonight
you've got some family here watching tonight	yeah, they're all rooting for me
yeah, they're all rooting for me	and i'm sure you have lots of friends watching back home?
and i'm sure you have lots of friends watching back home?	yeah
yeah	that's us!
that's us!	hehey! 
hehey! 	hey randy!
hey randy!	good luck!
good luck!	well let's see if you can't make everyone proud
well let's see if you can't make everyone proud	okay
okay	as always, we give you the letters r, t, s, l, and e
as always, we give you the letters r, t, s, l, and e	okay i'd like a b, an n, and a g
okay i'd like a b, an n, and a g	and a vowel?
and a vowel?	an o please
an o please	okay, well, looks like you're gonna get a lot of help here
okay, well, looks like you're gonna get a lot of help here	uh
uh	ten seconds, mr
ten seconds, mr	i know it but i don't think i should say it
i know it but i don't think i should say it	five seconds, mr
five seconds, mr	oh all right uh, i'd like to solve the puzzle!  niggers!  huh? 
oh all right uh, i'd like to solve the puzzle!  niggers!  huh? 	oooo
oooo	oh naggers
oh naggers	uhh, can we cut to a
uhh, can we cut to a	well? gave it my best shot
well? gave it my best shot	i can't believe you said the n-word on national television
i can't believe you said the n-word on national television	what? well what was i supposed to do, sharon? i thought i was
what? well what was i supposed to do, sharon? i thought i was	dude, did your dad know that the show was being broadcast live?
dude, did your dad know that the show was being broadcast live?	dude, that was the funniest thing i've ever seen
dude, that was the funniest thing i've ever seen	can we just drop this please? i don't wanna talk about it!
can we just drop this please? i don't wanna talk about it!	yeah well, it's not us you have to worry about
yeah well, it's not us you have to worry about	no he's not
no he's not	i don't know
i don't know	i just need to explain things
i just need to explain things	yeah, i was watching with my whole family
yeah, i was watching with my whole family	listen, token, my dad isn't a racist
listen, token, my dad isn't a racist	uh, well, actually it is kind of a big deal, stan
uh, well, actually it is kind of a big deal, stan	ohhhhhhhh?
ohhhhhhhh?	it may be a mistake, but you don't understand how it feels when
it may be a mistake, but you don't understand how it feels when	oh shit here we go!  it's on! race war!  race war! race war! 
oh shit here we go!  it's on! race war!  race war! race war! 	token, my dad wasn't trying to be offensive
token, my dad wasn't trying to be offensive	that's easy for you to say, stan
that's easy for you to say, stan	yeah, come on! here we go!
yeah, come on! here we go!	yeah, but he didn't say it in anger or anything like that
yeah, but he didn't say it in anger or anything like that	that doesn't mean i can just be fine
that doesn't mean i can just be fine	race war! come on! race war!
race war! come on! race war!	if you really think it's not a big deal, then you really are
if you really think it's not a big deal, then you really are	token forfeits!  whites win!  whites win!  race war is over,
token forfeits!  whites win!  whites win!  race war is over,	i want to apologize deeply and sincerely for using the n-word
i want to apologize deeply and sincerely for using the n-word	the puzzle you were solving was "people who annoy you"
the puzzle you were solving was "people who annoy you"	uh well, like anybody else thought it was "naggers"
uh well, like anybody else thought it was "naggers"	mr
mr	oh! ah i will! i'm really down with  african-americans
oh! ah i will! i'm really down with  african-americans	do you really want to apologize? are you sure?
do you really want to apologize? are you sure?	y-yes, absolutely
y-yes, absolutely	very well
very well	hahh, thank you, mr
hahh, thank you, mr	brian, get a picture of mr
brian, get a picture of mr	ready to go, sir
ready to go, sir	kiss it
kiss it	huh?
huh?	apologize
apologize	you want me to kiss your-
you want me to kiss your-	that's right
that's right	agh, oh, okay
agh, oh, okay	apologize
apologize	hey token
hey token	oh i see, so i'm supposed to feel all better now
oh i see, so i'm supposed to feel all better now	well, yeah
well, yeah	you just don't get it, stan!
you just don't get it, stan!	dude, jesse jackson said it's okay!
dude, jesse jackson said it's okay!	jesse jackson, is not the emperor, of black people! 
jesse jackson, is not the emperor, of black people! 	he told my dad he was
he told my dad he was	today we are going to have a guest speaker talk to us about
today we are going to have a guest speaker talk to us about	a midget?
a midget?	not exactly
not exactly	good morning, students! how are we all feeling today?  i would
good morning, students! how are we all feeling today?  i would	no! dude! no fucking way!  dude! 
no! dude! no fucking way!  dude! 	that, that words are like bullets
that, that words are like bullets	stop! stop! stop! stohahahahahahaha
stop! stop! stop! stohahahahahahaha	eric, be quiet!
eric, be quiet!	no, no, it's okay
no, no, it's okay	look! look look, look
look! look look, look	so i said to my wife, "you told me to kill the damned
so i said to my wife, "you told me to kill the damned	hey, it is him
hey, it is him	oh, we got a star in the club
oh, we got a star in the club	hi, "nigger" guy! 
hi, "nigger" guy! 	that's all right, "nigger" guy
that's all right, "nigger" guy	yeah
yeah	have you all seen these navigation systems in these cars these
have you all seen these navigation systems in these cars these	hey look, betty
hey look, betty	nigger guy
nigger guy	hey
hey	i just
i just	you aren't welcome in this store, "nigger" guy
you aren't welcome in this store, "nigger" guy	fine! 
fine! 	principal victoria, i'm very concerned about the behavior of
principal victoria, i'm very concerned about the behavior of	yes, we apologize for eric cartman's behavior, mr
yes, we apologize for eric cartman's behavior, mr	why? i don't feel terrible
why? i don't feel terrible	uh, it might be best if you just 
uh, it might be best if you just 	you don't understand
you don't understand	yeah yeah, we we get it, mr
yeah yeah, we we get it, mr	very well, mr
very well, mr	oh
oh	you know, you think you have the power to make me insecure, but
you know, you think you have the power to make me insecure, but	oh oh oh oh! if we could get, like, eight of these, we could
oh oh oh oh! if we could get, like, eight of these, we could	you see? no matter what you say, i'm still standing
you see? no matter what you say, i'm still standing	barely! 
barely! 	no matter how you act, i can rise above it!
no matter how you act, i can rise above it!	"rise above it!" get it? like he can rise above anything! 
"rise above it!" get it? like he can rise above anything! 	shut your fucking mouth!
shut your fucking mouth!	mr
mr	he, he, he didn't get to me
he, he, he didn't get to me	look, look how his face gets all red! he's like a little
look, look how his face gets all red! he's like a little	aaaaaaa!
aaaaaaa!	words with venom, words that bind
words with venom, words that bind	token! hey, wait up
token! hey, wait up	sooo black people are midgets
sooo black people are midgets	god dammit!
god dammit!	excuse me: over here, please? all right, i need all students to
excuse me: over here, please? all right, i need all students to	i have called you here because it is time that we taught eric
i have called you here because it is time that we taught eric	
	he has to learn his lesson! you see, words are like bullets
he has to learn his lesson! you see, words are like bullets	"hello, fatso!"
"hello, fatso!"	hey! what the hell is that?! you think that's fuckin' funny?! 
hey! what the hell is that?! you think that's fuckin' funny?! 	now you know how it feels
now you know how it feels	alright, alright, alright, who is the freaking genius who
alright, alright, alright, who is the freaking genius who	you can't get to me! words are like bullets!
you can't get to me! words are like bullets!	and so it is my honor to announce today the randy marsh
and so it is my honor to announce today the randy marsh	is this "nigger" guy serious?
is this "nigger" guy serious?	anyway, here's to a new start for us all
anyway, here's to a new start for us all	thar look skeeter! that's that guy from the tv!
thar look skeeter! that's that guy from the tv!	well well well, looks like we got ourselves a nigger guy! 
well well well, looks like we got ourselves a nigger guy! 	awww! awwww! 
awww! awwww! 	yee haw! yiiip yip yip yip yip yip
yee haw! yiiip yip yip yip yip yip	wooo! 
wooo! 	whoa! 
whoa! 	where you goin' "nigger" guy?
where you goin' "nigger" guy?	please i, i don't want any trouble
please i, i don't want any trouble	well you got trouble, when you first decided to slander an
well you got trouble, when you first decided to slander an	yeah
yeah	you tell 'im, skeeter, you tell 'im!
you tell 'im, skeeter, you tell 'im!	what do you want?
what do you want?	what do we want?  we want to live in a world without people
what do we want?  we want to live in a world without people	leave him alone
leave him alone	hey
hey	huh?
huh?	that's the guy from seinfeld, used the n-word a whole bunch o'
that's the guy from seinfeld, used the n-word a whole bunch o'	michael richards? huh well, son of a bitch!
michael richards? huh well, son of a bitch!	looks like it's our lucky day! we done got us two "nigger" guys!
looks like it's our lucky day! we done got us two "nigger" guys!	make that three
make that three	mark fuhrman?
mark fuhrman?	who?
who?	he done said the n-word in the o
he done said the n-word in the o	well what is this? a "nigger" guy convention? 
well what is this? a "nigger" guy convention? 	we aren't being pushed around anymore
we aren't being pushed around anymore	come on, skeeter
come on, skeeter	damn "nigger" guys!  we'll be back! 
damn "nigger" guys!  we'll be back! 	you'd better come with us
you'd better come with us	come on in, mr
come on in, mr	what's going on here?
what's going on here?	we've been following your story since we first saw it on the
we've been following your story since we first saw it on the	they were mexicans
they were mexicans	we're all just like you
we're all just like you	no
no	i made a mistake too
i made a mistake too	you said the n-word to a black man's face! that's way worse
you said the n-word to a black man's face! that's way worse	you really think that matters?!  you really think all those
you really think that matters?!  you really think all those	no
no	randy, we want you to join us
randy, we want you to join us	now look, token, i've done everything i can to make this right!
now look, token, i've done everything i can to make this right!	i have every reason to be mad! you just don't get it!
i have every reason to be mad! you just don't get it!	i'm not responsible for what my dad did!
i'm not responsible for what my dad did!	no, but you can't just pretend it never happened either!
no, but you can't just pretend it never happened either!	what the hell do you want from me?! 
what the hell do you want from me?! 	nothing!
nothing!	then stop being mad!
then stop being mad!	no!
no!	fellas! fellas come quick! cartman's gonna fight the midget! 
fellas! fellas come quick! cartman's gonna fight the midget! 	all right, eric, come on, eric
all right, eric, come on, eric	dude, are you sure you wanna do this? apparently this guy has a
dude, are you sure you wanna do this? apparently this guy has a	it's a midget, dude
it's a midget, dude	students, i am going to beat the crap out of this kid to prove
students, i am going to beat the crap out of this kid to prove	hahaha, no dude
hahaha, no dude	senators, i know it is not normally considered "american" to
senators, i know it is not normally considered "american" to	"nigger guy"?
"nigger guy"?	two words which by themselves can be harmless but which
two words which by themselves can be harmless but which	yeah! that's right!
yeah! that's right!	oh sure
oh sure	goddamn nigger guy's tryin' to be all political-like now!
goddamn nigger guy's tryin' to be all political-like now!	senators, i've learned to admit that i'm capable of having-
senators, i've learned to admit that i'm capable of having-	uhhh, hold on a second, are you suggesting that "nigger guy"
uhhh, hold on a second, are you suggesting that "nigger guy"	i'm certainly not a nigger guy
i'm certainly not a nigger guy	aw, come on, you're the biggest nigger guy in washington
aw, come on, you're the biggest nigger guy in washington	mr
mr	aye!
aye!	opposed?
opposed?	nay?
nay?	the motion is passed! 
the motion is passed! 	we did it!
we did it!	for the first time in american history, a word has been
for the first time in american history, a word has been	from now on, if a person uses the word "nigger," it must be at
from now on, if a person uses the word "nigger," it must be at	tom, it appears that the nigger guy epidemic is ove-  oh dammit
tom, it appears that the nigger guy epidemic is ove-  oh dammit	aaaa! ow! ow! okay!  okay, you win!
aaaa! ow! ow! okay!  okay, you win!	say "uncle!"
say "uncle!"	ung-cle!
ung-cle!	hahaha, now say "caroline, don't go into the light!"
hahaha, now say "caroline, don't go into the light!"	caroline, don't go into the light!
caroline, don't go into the light!	haaha, hahahahahaha! oh man, that is hysterical!  oh!
haaha, hahahahahaha! oh man, that is hysterical!  oh!	there! now you all see that i am not limited by my size
there! now you all see that i am not limited by my size	what was his point?
what was his point?	i have no idea
i have no idea	dude, i don't get it
dude, i don't get it	i don't get it either
i don't get it either	wait a minute
wait a minute	
	don't you see, kyle? i don't get it!  token, i get it now
don't you see, kyle? i don't get it!  token, i get it now	now you get it, stan
now you get it, stan	yeah
yeah	thanks, dude
thanks, dude	this picture i like to call "the pierre"
this picture i like to call "the pierre"	is this all you brought us here to see?
is this all you brought us here to see?	oh no, there's much more
oh no, there's much more	butters is staying over tonight?
butters is staying over tonight?	yes
yes	hey, fellas! 
hey, fellas! 	heh!  oh, oh hey, butters!  i wasn't expecting you so soon
heh!  oh, oh hey, butters!  i wasn't expecting you so soon	yeah
yeah	no no, these guys were just leaving
no no, these guys were just leaving	come on, let's go
come on, let's go	wait, wai- i can't let this happen
wait, wai- i can't let this happen	yeah kyle?
yeah kyle?	don't you think it's a little strange that cartman keeps asking
don't you think it's a little strange that cartman keeps asking	kyyyle!
kyyyle!	uh what do you mean?
uh what do you mean?	i mean, that if-
i mean, that if-	what he means is that he's jealous that you've taken his place
what he means is that he's jealous that you've taken his place	heh yeah, grow up, kyle
heh yeah, grow up, kyle	hrrugh! 
hrrugh! 	so what do you wanna do first, eric? you wanna play a game or
so what do you wanna do first, eric? you wanna play a game or	well actually, butters, i think we'd better hit the hay pretty
well actually, butters, i think we'd better hit the hay pretty	but, uh-ih-it's only 6:30
but, uh-ih-it's only 6:30	yeah, and i'm exhausted
yeah, and i'm exhausted	you guys! i got it!  it seriously! it's the greatest picture
you guys! i got it!  it seriously! it's the greatest picture	what'cha do to butters this time?
what'cha do to butters this time?	it was genius! i waited 'til he was totally asleep, right? and
it was genius! i waited 'til he was totally asleep, right? and	dude!
dude!	i know i know, check it out, look
i know i know, check it out, look	dude, how is putting butters' wiener in his mouth getting him?
dude, how is putting butters' wiener in his mouth getting him?	because that makes butters gay now!
because that makes butters gay now!	no dude, that makes you gay!
no dude, that makes you gay!	eh- 
eh- 	you put a guy's wiener in your mouth, that makes you gay,
you put a guy's wiener in your mouth, that makes you gay,	nuh uh
nuh uh	yeah huh!
yeah huh!	kenny, that doesn't make me gay, huh?
kenny, that doesn't make me gay, huh?	(ehe, that makes you very fucking gay
(ehe, that makes you very fucking gay	but i'm not g-i'm not gay, you guys!
but i'm not g-i'm not gay, you guys!	you are now
you are now	no, no, it was a stupid mistake!
no, no, it was a stupid mistake!	doesn't matter
doesn't matter	no, it was just for a second!  what, what can i do? how how can
no, it was just for a second!  what, what can i do? how how can	you can't!
you can't!	nono wait
nono wait	how?
how?	the only way you can cancel it out is to get butters to put
the only way you can cancel it out is to get butters to put	really?
really?	yeah
yeah	
	
	help me, i thinking i'm falling in love with you
help me, i thinking i'm falling in love with you	butters
butters	whoa, hey eric
whoa, hey eric	butters, guess what? i have a surprise for you
butters, guess what? i have a surprise for you	a surprise? what is it?
a surprise? what is it?	it's so fuckin' awesome
it's so fuckin' awesome	oh boy!
oh boy!	you ready?
you ready?	y-yeah!
y-yeah!	okay! just open your mouth and close your eyes and, and get on
okay! just open your mouth and close your eyes and, and get on	oh, okay! 
oh, okay! 	hang on a second here
hang on a second here	how come uh, i can't see?
how come uh, i can't see?	'cause then it wouldn't be a surprise, would it? 
'cause then it wouldn't be a surprise, would it? 	oh uh, ho yeah
oh uh, ho yeah	all right, that's good
all right, that's good	hey
hey	
	well okay!
well okay!	all right, you ready?  all right just- okay, open uh- okay,
all right, you ready?  all right just- okay, open uh- okay,	butters!
butters!	uh! 
uh! 	whoa! hey dad! 
whoa! hey dad! 	butters! what are you doing?!
butters! what are you doing?!	i'm getting a surprise! 
i'm getting a surprise! 	oh my god! my, my only son, reduced to this! 
oh my god! my, my only son, reduced to this! 	hey
hey	butters, how long have you been doing stuff like this?
butters, how long have you been doing stuff like this?	like what?
like what?	don't lie to me, butters! i know your secret now! no wait,
don't lie to me, butters! i know your secret now! no wait,	what's
what's	you are
you are	what's going on, you two?
what's going on, you two?	nothin' mom, i'm just a little bi-curious
nothin' mom, i'm just a little bi-curious	father maxi, i
father maxi, i	is that true, son? are you feeling
is that true, son? are you feeling	
	you see?
you see?	young man, these confused feelings that you're having are
young man, these confused feelings that you're having are	really?
really?	what can i do, father?
what can i do, father?	there is a special camp where young men who are confused, like
there is a special camp where young men who are confused, like	a secluded camp where lots of bi-curious boys are all put
a secluded camp where lots of bi-curious boys are all put	whoa boy! camp!
whoa boy! camp!	haahaahahaha!  very funny! i suppose you really think you got
haahaahahaha!  very funny! i suppose you really think you got	what are you talking about, fatass?
what are you talking about, fatass?	i checked on the internet, kyyyle, and getting butters to put
i checked on the internet, kyyyle, and getting butters to put	you figured that out, huh?
you figured that out, huh?	that's right
that's right	except for us
except for us	right, except for you
right, except for you	and all the people we tell
and all the people we tell	why would you tell anybody?
why would you tell anybody?	because it's really, really funny
because it's really, really funny	
	like what?
like what?	liiike
liiike	that isn't funny
that isn't funny	yes it is! now you guys, i'm getting pissed off! you'd better
yes it is! now you guys, i'm getting pissed off! you'd better	well, maybe we will, maybe we won't
well, maybe we will, maybe we won't	fine! whatever! you guys don't have any proof i put butters'
fine! whatever! you guys don't have any proof i put butters'	okay
okay	oh right, like that's possible! alright, fine! you know what
oh right, like that's possible! alright, fine! you know what	everyone, say hello to our new camper, butters
everyone, say hello to our new camper, butters	hi butters
hi butters	thank you so much for taking him in
thank you so much for taking him in	don't worry
don't worry	do you know why you're here at camp, butters?
do you know why you're here at camp, butters?	because i'm bi-curious?
because i'm bi-curious?	that's right
that's right	humble yourselves therefore under god's might hand, that he may
humble yourselves therefore under god's might hand, that he may	butters here is new to the camp
butters here is new to the camp	i'm bi-curious
i'm bi-curious	do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman: that is
do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman: that is	that's right, bradley
that's right, bradley	aw, darnit!
aw, darnit!	aw man, i've got h o r s now
aw man, i've got h o r s now	okay, my turn
okay, my turn	where is it, you filthy jew?!
where is it, you filthy jew?!	where's what?
where's what?	you know god damned well what!
you know god damned well what!	let go of me
let go of me	what the hell are you doing, cartman?!
what the hell are you doing, cartman?!	i went home to alter the picture of me with butters' penis in
i went home to alter the picture of me with butters' penis in	knock it off! i don't have your stupid picture!
knock it off! i don't have your stupid picture!	give it back, kyle!
give it back, kyle!	i don't have it!
i don't have it!	i swear to god, kyle, if you don't give it back right now,  i'm
i swear to god, kyle, if you don't give it back right now,  i'm	shut up!
shut up!	you shut up! you're lying, and  you two are covering up for
you shut up! you're lying, and  you two are covering up for	the lord is love this forwith jesus i can just say noand not be
the lord is love this forwith jesus i can just say noand not be	we will now hear a sermon from pastor phillips
we will now hear a sermon from pastor phillips	he's bi-curious too?
he's bi-curious too?	not anymore
not anymore	helloooo campers!  yeth, believe it or not, i mythelf used to
helloooo campers!  yeth, believe it or not, i mythelf used to	that's right, kids
that's right, kids	so you say you were robbed
so you say you were robbed	yes
yes	if it's a photo, what's the big deal? why don't you just print
if it's a photo, what's the big deal? why don't you just print	it's a big deal, okay?! that picture is my propertih, and i
it's a big deal, okay?! that picture is my propertih, and i	okay, what is the picture of?
okay, what is the picture of?	why
why	well how are we gonna find your picture unless we know what it
well how are we gonna find your picture unless we know what it	all right
all right	yes?
yes?	it's a picture 
it's a picture 	you were sucking somebody's penis
you were sucking somebody's penis	no, no i was not! i was asleep, and this person just
no, no i was not! i was asleep, and this person just	
	yes
yes	well we'd have to get a warrant first, approved by a grand jury
well we'd have to get a warrant first, approved by a grand jury	i don't have time for that! we have school tomorrow! and i know
i don't have time for that! we have school tomorrow! and i know	well then, you're screwed
well then, you're screwed	you both do understand that we're trying to save your souls
you both do understand that we're trying to save your souls	well sure, i guess
well sure, i guess	only through christ can we cleanse our souls
only through christ can we cleanse our souls	and you do know the rule which states that no impure or immoral
and you do know the rule which states that no impure or immoral	well yeah, sure
well yeah, sure	so let's purify ourselves from everything that makes the body
so let's purify ourselves from everything that makes the body	then do you mind telling us why we found this  1979 sears men's
then do you mind telling us why we found this  1979 sears men's	that's
that's	you know this is strictly forbidden!
you know this is strictly forbidden!	ah i don't understand
ah i don't understand	what's wrong?!  this is what makes you confused! don't you get
what's wrong?!  this is what makes you confused! don't you get	yes, it's all very confusing!
yes, it's all very confusing!	this is just as much your fault, butters! bradley is your
this is just as much your fault, butters! bradley is your	that son of a bitch
that son of a bitch	eric? what's the, what's the matter? 
eric? what's the, what's the matter? 	i, don't, want to go to school tomorrow
i, don't, want to go to school tomorrow	sweetie, shhh, tell mommy what happened
sweetie, shhh, tell mommy what happened	kyle, has a picture of me, and he's gonna show everyone during
kyle, has a picture of me, and he's gonna show everyone during	oh, now why would he do that?
oh, now why would he do that?	because, he's jealous of how much smarter i am than him
because, he's jealous of how much smarter i am than him	what is the picture of, eric? 
what is the picture of, eric? 	last time, when butters spent the night, i was being really
last time, when butters spent the night, i was being really	ohh, that's nice
ohh, that's nice	but then, right when i took the picture, butters got really
but then, right when i took the picture, butters got really	oh, there there, sweetie
oh, there there, sweetie	but, mom, i've been trying to get the picture back, but he
but, mom, i've been trying to get the picture back, but he	it's okay, eric
it's okay, eric	you, you will?
you, you will?	
	butters, i'm sorry for getting you into trouble
butters, i'm sorry for getting you into trouble	awww, that's okay, bradley
awww, that's okay, bradley	i really want to get better
i really want to get better	yeah, well hopefully, when we finish writin' all these verses,
yeah, well hopefully, when we finish writin' all these verses,	you're really terrific, butters
you're really terrific, butters	wuh-what's the matter?
wuh-what's the matter?	i think, i, i th-, i think i like you
i think, i, i th-, i think i like you	well i like you too, bradley
well i like you too, bradley	you do?
you do?	well yeah!
well yeah!	you like like me?
you like like me?	sure, i like like you a lot a lot
sure, i like like you a lot a lot	oh god, we're both un-fixable! don't you see we're lost
oh god, we're both un-fixable! don't you see we're lost	no! bradley! you can't leave; you're my accountabilibuddy!
no! bradley! you can't leave; you're my accountabilibuddy!	hello?
hello?	hello, sheila? it's liane, eric's mother
hello, sheila? it's liane, eric's mother	ohh, hello, mrs
ohh, hello, mrs	um, sheila, i'm sorry to trouble you with this, but apparently
um, sheila, i'm sorry to trouble you with this, but apparently	excuse me?
excuse me?	don't worry, sweetie, everything is fine
don't worry, sweetie, everything is fine	it is?  really? oh mommy thank you! thank you! 
it is?  really? oh mommy thank you! thank you! 	you have nothing to worry about in school tomorrow
you have nothing to worry about in school tomorrow	what?
what?	she talked with her son and says he doesn't have it
she talked with her son and says he doesn't have it	mom, she's lying!
mom, she's lying!	she said she was sure, eric
she said she was sure, eric	mom, you don't know anything about jews! they lie all the time!
mom, you don't know anything about jews! they lie all the time!	well, eric, there's nothing more i can do about it
well, eric, there's nothing more i can do about it	then that's it
then that's it	do you mind telling me how you managed to lose
do you mind telling me how you managed to lose	i went looking for 'im, but he runs real fast
i went looking for 'im, but he runs real fast	you don't seem to take this camp seriously, butters
you don't seem to take this camp seriously, butters	oh no, my dad?
oh no, my dad?	do you understand the concept of hell? do you realize that if
do you understand the concept of hell? do you realize that if	well yeah, but i just don't quite understand what you're fixin'
well yeah, but i just don't quite understand what you're fixin'	we're fixing your confusion!
we're fixing your confusion!	there you are, butters!
there you are, butters!	oheh- hey dad
oheh- hey dad	what's he done now?!
what's he done now?!	mr
mr	they found him! they found bradley! you'd better come quick! 
they found him! they found bradley! you'd better come quick! 	oh lord in heaven! don't jump, bradley!
oh lord in heaven! don't jump, bradley!	stay-stay back! i'm an abomination of god!
stay-stay back! i'm an abomination of god!	nono, we're fixing you!
nono, we're fixing you!	guess you think today is your big day, huh kyle? to embarrass
guess you think today is your big day, huh kyle? to embarrass	okay students, let's all take our seats
okay students, let's all take our seats	ow! quit it, dude!
ow! quit it, dude!	okay eric, jesus, calm down
okay eric, jesus, calm down	ha!  for show and tell today, i would like to share with you
ha!  for show and tell today, i would like to share with you	he isn't actually going to show everyone
he isn't actually going to show everyone	and now this next picture 
and now this next picture 	don't jump, bradley! you will only make god angrier with you!
don't jump, bradley! you will only make god angrier with you!	it's too late
it's too late	bradley, please
bradley, please	you get back
you get back	i'm not normal
i'm not normal	you're perfectly normal, bradley
you're perfectly normal, bradley	get back! you're just as confused as he is!
get back! you're just as confused as he is!	all right
all right	yeah
yeah	i'm not gonna be confused anymore just because you say i should
i'm not gonna be confused anymore just because you say i should	i think
i think	he's coming down!  we did it!  through the power of christ we
he's coming down!  we did it!  through the power of christ we	well butters, i guess we might as well go home
well butters, i guess we might as well go home	no
no	well you know somethin'? so do i
well you know somethin'? so do i	wait
wait	and this photograph i took of a sunset near the power plant
and this photograph i took of a sunset near the power plant	eww!
eww!	dude
dude	yes
yes	eric, what the hell is this?!
eric, what the hell is this?!	what this is, is a statement against the war in iraq
what this is, is a statement against the war in iraq	uh, eric cartman? we got an emergency message from your mother?
uh, eric cartman? we got an emergency message from your mother?	
	all right, students, let's take our seats
all right, students, let's take our seats	ah yes
ah yes	no, i mean the problem of head lice
no, i mean the problem of head lice	somebody might have lice?
somebody might have lice?	ewww!
ewww!	so today you're all going to the gymnasium to have your scalps
so today you're all going to the gymnasium to have your scalps	uh th-that is completely unnecessary
uh th-that is completely unnecessary	(what? fuck you!)
(what? fuck you!)	i'm sure this class is clean, but we're gonna be examined so
i'm sure this class is clean, but we're gonna be examined so	hello, kelly
hello, kelly	you mean me or the little one?
you mean me or the little one?	i mean both
i mean both	well, besides a little loneliness waiting for daddy to come
well, besides a little loneliness waiting for daddy to come	how did a louse like me get so lucky to have a louse like you?
how did a louse like me get so lucky to have a louse like you?	luck had nothing to do with it, travis
luck had nothing to do with it, travis	sometimes
sometimes	all students, make sure you're in line according to your grade
all students, make sure you're in line according to your grade	boy, i sure hope they don't find lice in my hair
boy, i sure hope they don't find lice in my hair	what do you think happens if you do have it?
what do you think happens if you do have it?	they drag you out of here, put you in this big containment
they drag you out of here, put you in this big containment	i'm clean! i knew i didn't have any stupid lice! 
i'm clean! i knew i didn't have any stupid lice! 	this is ridiculous
this is ridiculous	(hey! fuck off!) 
(hey! fuck off!) 	have a seat on the stool
have a seat on the stool	uh oh, looks like you've got 'em
uh oh, looks like you've got 'em	what?
what?	you have lice
you have lice	oh my god
oh my god	now now, it's all right
now now, it's all right	please, ya-you don't understand
please, ya-you don't understand	i'm sure your friends aren't that cruel
i'm sure your friends aren't that cruel	yes they are!
yes they are!	mr
mr	and what do you base this on?
and what do you base this on?	look, this is the world, right? but now, think of the world
look, this is the world, right? but now, think of the world	huh right, the world is conscious
huh right, the world is conscious	if we have made too much of an impact, then that consciousness
if we have made too much of an impact, then that consciousness	poodiggery and poppycock!
poodiggery and poppycock!	i think we need to put all resources now into a full
i think we need to put all resources now into a full	evacuation?! tomorrow is the gootack festival
evacuation?! tomorrow is the gootack festival	damn you vice president craig! you could be killin' us all!
damn you vice president craig! you could be killin' us all!	this is so
this is so	i have an ear infection
i have an ear infection	i have
i have	clyde harris? 
clyde harris? 	yeeaahh, that's a pretty bad lice problem there
yeeaahh, that's a pretty bad lice problem there	but why me, doctor? why me?! how did i get this?!
but why me, doctor? why me?! how did i get this?!	well, believe it or not, some lice can actually attach
well, believe it or not, some lice can actually attach	
	this shampoo should take care of it
this shampoo should take care of it	travis? everything okay?
travis? everything okay?	kelly, i was just thinkin' about our babih
kelly, i was just thinkin' about our babih	hope?
hope?	hope for a
hope for a	it's raining? now? 
it's raining? now? 	woohoo! i love the rain! 
woohoo! i love the rain! 	oh my god
oh my god	what it, it's just rain
what it, it's just rain	we have to get out of here now, kellih! 
we have to get out of here now, kellih! 	what is that? 
what is that? 	whoa!  ruuun! 
whoa!  ruuun! 	everyone get up into the trees! we have to get up high! come
everyone get up into the trees! we have to get up high! come	my god, travis, they're all dying!
my god, travis, they're all dying!	don't look, kelly! don't look!
don't look, kelly! don't look!	what the hell is it?!
what the hell is it?!	well it's okay, we're safe up here! 
well it's okay, we're safe up here! 	i don't think so! 
i don't think so! 	ooohooooooh!
ooohooooooh!	travis!
travis!	kellih! hang on!
kellih! hang on!	i can't
i can't	you have to! for the babih! 
you have to! for the babih! 	nooooooooooo!
nooooooooooo!	kehhhllihhhh! no! noooo! 
kehhhllihhhh! no! noooo! 	okay, kids, today we're going to review some civil war history
okay, kids, today we're going to review some civil war history	waiwaiwait, whoa whoa, so what happened?
waiwaiwait, whoa whoa, so what happened?	with what?
with what?	with the lice exam
with the lice exam	y-yes, some lice was discovered and the proper action has been
y-yes, some lice was discovered and the proper action has been	somebody in this class?
somebody in this class?	uh, yes
uh, yes	ohhhhh
ohhhhh	well who was it?  it was kenny, right?
well who was it?  it was kenny, right?	that doesn't matter, it's over
that doesn't matter, it's over	doesn't matter?! if somebody had parasites in their hair, we
doesn't matter?! if somebody had parasites in their hair, we	i wanna know who it was, too
i wanna know who it was, too	it's being kept confidential! there's a policy in the schools
it's being kept confidential! there's a policy in the schools	that is bullcrap! you are denying our rights as children to
that is bullcrap! you are denying our rights as children to	yeah!
yeah!	and we have a right to know which boy had lice in his hair so
and we have a right to know which boy had lice in his hair so	how do we know it was a boy? it could just have easily been one
how do we know it was a boy? it could just have easily been one	yeah! dumb girls!
yeah! dumb girls!	the case is closed! whoever had the lice, they're dead now!
the case is closed! whoever had the lice, they're dead now!	hope
hope	help me
help me	travis
travis	how many survivors?
how many survivors?	just the six of us
just the six of us	you son of a bitch! you had a chance to stop this! so help me,
you son of a bitch! you had a chance to stop this! so help me,	what do we do now?
what do we do now?	we aren't out of this yet! you two look for other survivors
we aren't out of this yet! you two look for other survivors	who put you in charge?!
who put you in charge?!	god did! when he killed my wife! 
god did! when he killed my wife! 	all right, the person who had head lice needs to speak up right
all right, the person who had head lice needs to speak up right	yeah, come on! we're gonna find out sooner or later
yeah, come on! we're gonna find out sooner or later	okay, whoever you are, you are now not only a licehead, you're
okay, whoever you are, you are now not only a licehead, you're	you know what? i'll bet it was you!
you know what? i'll bet it was you!	me?!
me?!	this is exactly what you would do if they found lice in your
this is exactly what you would do if they found lice in your	i don't think so, kyle! but you know what?! this is exactly
i don't think so, kyle! but you know what?! this is exactly	you guys stop it! this isn't getting us anywhere!
you guys stop it! this isn't getting us anywhere!	that's exactly what you would do if you had had head lice,
that's exactly what you would do if you had had head lice,	yeah, try to have everyone make peace so it doesn't seem like a
yeah, try to have everyone make peace so it doesn't seem like a	and this is exactly what kenny would do: stand here and say
and this is exactly what kenny would do: stand here and say	heh hey guys, what would i do?
heh hey guys, what would i do?	let's just get a magnifying glass and look at everyone's heads
let's just get a magnifying glass and look at everyone's heads	it's too late
it's too late	well i guess we're never gonna know
well i guess we're never gonna know	there's a way! there's a way to find out who had sick-ass head
there's a way! there's a way to find out who had sick-ass head	it was him
it was him	yeah
yeah	mark? mark, you have to hang on
mark? mark, you have to hang on	this isn't going to stop
this isn't going to stop	how?
how?	first we have to get out of the forest, into the forbidden
first we have to get out of the forest, into the forbidden	the forbidden zone
the forbidden zone	we'll die here! look, the world is getting rid of us! don't you
we'll die here! look, the world is getting rid of us! don't you	getting rid of us? you-you mean like it knows what it's doing?
getting rid of us? you-you mean like it knows what it's doing?	yes! because maybe we rolled the dice too many times!
yes! because maybe we rolled the dice too many times!	i'm not leaving my husband
i'm not leaving my husband	yeah huh-i'll take my chances here
yeah huh-i'll take my chances here	you can all stay here; i'm gonna try to save my babih
you can all stay here; i'm gonna try to save my babih	i'll go with you
i'll go with you	i wanna go too
i wanna go too	not a chance
not a chance	look, i know i messed up, all right? but i think you're right
look, i know i messed up, all right? but i think you're right	if we find anything, we'll try to send help for the rest of
if we find anything, we'll try to send help for the rest of	yeah
yeah	all right, lock that door, craig! 
all right, lock that door, craig! 	what's this about, cartman? 
what's this about, cartman? 	i've come up with a test that can determine if it was any of us
i've come up with a test that can determine if it was any of us	ur ur re- ur really?
ur ur re- ur really?	that's retarded! you didn't come up with that experiment,
that's retarded! you didn't come up with that experiment,	this is a scientific test, designed to-
this is a scientific test, designed to-	you saw it in the thing and you're wasting everyone's time!
you saw it in the thing and you're wasting everyone's time!	i thought you might say that, kyle
i thought you might say that, kyle	nobody's blood is going to jump up in the air!
nobody's blood is going to jump up in the air!	if it isn't going to work, then what are you afraid of? the
if it isn't going to work, then what are you afraid of? the	yeah
yeah	i have no problem taking the test
i have no problem taking the test	yeah
yeah	all right, fine
all right, fine	everyone take a petri dish and a syringe
everyone take a petri dish and a syringe	all right, now everyone back over there!  we'll start with what
all right, now everyone back over there!  we'll start with what	well, guess that proves eric wasn't the one with head lice
well, guess that proves eric wasn't the one with head lice	it doesn't prove anything!
it doesn't prove anything!	yeah? let's just see what your blood does, kyle!  huh, i guess
yeah? let's just see what your blood does, kyle!  huh, i guess	ye-you guys, we'd better go
ye-you guys, we'd better go	it's all right, it won't take much longer, just-ahh ahhgh! 
it's all right, it won't take much longer, just-ahh ahhgh! 	what the hell?! 
what the hell?! 	kenny!
kenny!	no way
no way	you were right all along, eric
you were right all along, eric	of course i was right! i told you only poor people get lice! 
of course i was right! i told you only poor people get lice! 	we've done it
we've done it	it's real
it's real	so what exactly is your plan, travis?
so what exactly is your plan, travis?	our ancestors came here from another world
our ancestors came here from another world	travis
travis	sorry, babe, but my heart is forever stenciled in permanent ink
sorry, babe, but my heart is forever stenciled in permanent ink	she was a lucky woman to have you
she was a lucky woman to have you	luck had nothin' to do with it
luck had nothin' to do with it	sorry to cut the honeymoon short!
sorry to cut the honeymoon short!	why you murdering bastard!
why you murdering bastard!	your little fantasy of another world ends here! walk!
your little fantasy of another world ends here! walk!	what the hell do you want, vice president?!
what the hell do you want, vice president?!	walk! 
walk! 	clyde, dude, get down to the park
clyde, dude, get down to the park	what? what are you gonna do to him?
what? what are you gonna do to him?	he lied to us all! he betrayed his kind! we all know what has
he lied to us all! he betrayed his kind! we all know what has	you guys, wait
you guys, wait	what, clyde?
what, clyde?	i
i	all right, see you there!  remember, bar of soap and a sock!
all right, see you there!  remember, bar of soap and a sock!	yeah!
yeah!	yeah! we're gonna fu-fu-fuck him up! 
yeah! we're gonna fu-fu-fuck him up! 	yello?
yello?	mrs
mrs	what? who's going to get attacked? who is this?!
what? who's going to get attacked? who is this?!	please just hurry to the park! you have to stop them!
please just hurry to the park! you have to stop them!	that's good! that's far enough! 
that's good! that's far enough! 	what are you going to do?
what are you going to do?	i'm gonna go back to the village, start to rebuild, mate with
i'm gonna go back to the village, start to rebuild, mate with	don't you get it? the world doesn't want you here! it's not
don't you get it? the world doesn't want you here! it's not	it was a disaster! disasters happen!
it was a disaster! disasters happen!	then go ahead and die there, i'm leavin' with my babih!
then go ahead and die there, i'm leavin' with my babih!	actually, you're never leaving here either, travis! 
actually, you're never leaving here either, travis! 	damn you! why?!
damn you! why?!	because when i'm president, i can't have pests like you
because when i'm president, i can't have pests like you	ow
ow	you die he- 
you die he- 	kenny mccormick, you are charged with bringing head cooties
kenny mccormick, you are charged with bringing head cooties	(not guilty!)
(not guilty!)	guilty! i thought so! 
guilty! i thought so! 	all right, let's do this!
all right, let's do this!	you guys, maybe we should just
you guys, maybe we should just	all right, kenny
all right, kenny	nohoho! no, not the socks! ahhhgh, stop!
nohoho! no, not the socks! ahhhgh, stop!	wait, wait!
wait, wait!	wait
wait	he had cooties and he lied about it!
he had cooties and he lied about it!	kenny didn't have the head lice, all right?!  it was me
kenny didn't have the head lice, all right?!  it was me	what?
what?	i was the one
i was the one	why are you saying that, kyle? you can't be the one who had
why are you saying that, kyle? you can't be the one who had	wait a-wait a minute, what?
wait a-wait a minute, what?	oh i get it
oh i get it	you had head lice?
you had head lice?	of course! why do you think i went through that elaborate
of course! why do you think i went through that elaborate	you all had head lice!  every single person in the class! the
you all had head lice!  every single person in the class! the	i thought i was the only one
i thought i was the only one	me too
me too	but that means
but that means	dudes!
dudes!	kellih
kellih	you are welcome here
you are welcome here	heh
heh	ladies and gentlemen, miss angelina jolie! 
ladies and gentlemen, miss angelina jolie! 	hello everyone!  hello!
hello everyone!  hello!	all right, students, let's take our seats
all right, students, let's take our seats	uh oh! 
uh oh! 	welcome to our class, baahir
welcome to our class, baahir	thank you
thank you	duhude, dude,  not cool!
duhude, dude,  not cool!	why don't you take a seat in kyle's empty desk for now?
why don't you take a seat in kyle's empty desk for now?	okay
okay	oooh hooohoho
oooh hooohoho	eric, what the hell is wrong with you?!
eric, what the hell is wrong with you?!	what's wrong?  has he been checked for bombs?
what's wrong?  has he been checked for bombs?	eric, that's enough! not all muslim people are terrorists!
eric, that's enough! not all muslim people are terrorists!	no, but most of them are
no, but most of them are	now you go, baahir
now you go, baahir	yeah?
yeah?	kyle, are you on your computer?
kyle, are you on your computer?	what? no, i'm sick
what? no, i'm sick	get online
get online	dude, leave me alone
dude, leave me alone	kyle, every one of our friends might be in serious danger!
kyle, every one of our friends might be in serious danger!	what? why?
what? why?	get online now!
get online now!	all right, all right
all right, all right	go to myspace
go to myspace	baahir hakeem
baahir hakeem	kyle, i want you to check his buddy list
kyle, i want you to check his buddy list	over a hundred
over a hundred	look further down the page
look further down the page	white stripes
white stripes	that's funny
that's funny	what?
what?	he told everyone in class today his favorite band was blink 182
he told everyone in class today his favorite band was blink 182	the following takes place between recess and geography class
the following takes place between recess and geography class	hello?
hello?	officer barbrady, south park elementary is in serious danger! 
officer barbrady, south park elementary is in serious danger! 	from what? who is this?
from what? who is this?	i've just id'd a muslim and his myspace page does not check
i've just id'd a muslim and his myspace page does not check	are you serious?
are you serious?	if i wasn't serious, would i be talking like this?
if i wasn't serious, would i be talking like this?	like what?
like what?	whispering, but whispering really loudly for dramatic effect
whispering, but whispering really loudly for dramatic effect	oh jeez
oh jeez	what the hell?
what the hell?	all students are to evacuate the school immediately! 
all students are to evacuate the school immediately! 	hey, baahir, uh since we get to go home, you wanna come over
hey, baahir, uh since we get to go home, you wanna come over	sure, okay
sure, okay	well all right! 
well all right! 	dude
dude	yeah
yeah	dude, i just got an im from stan that they evacuated the school
dude, i just got an im from stan that they evacuated the school	yeah
yeah	i guess so
i guess so	yeah well i don't like it! it doesn't follow!
yeah well i don't like it! it doesn't follow!	wuh what doesn't follow?
wuh what doesn't follow?	why would a terrorist just blow up a school? it's not their
why would a terrorist just blow up a school? it's not their	okay
okay	their web site should have a calendar of events: is there
their web site should have a calendar of events: is there	yeah
yeah	what?
what?	there's a hillary clinton campaign rally
there's a hillary clinton campaign rally	sir! there's somebody calling in saying there's going to be a
sir! there's somebody calling in saying there's going to be a	what?  this is cia head, alan thompson
what?  this is cia head, alan thompson	mr
mr	what do you know?
what do you know?	he just showed up out of the blue! i need to speak with the
he just showed up out of the blue! i need to speak with the	i'm the head of the cia! you can tell me!
i'm the head of the cia! you can tell me!	i said i will only talk to the president!
i said i will only talk to the president!	look, if you have information of a threat, you could-
look, if you have information of a threat, you could-	lalalalalalalala!
lalalalalalalala!	i will have you arrested for-!
i will have you arrested for-!	lalala-i can't hear you! only the president! lalalalalala!
lalala-i can't hear you! only the president! lalalalalala!	call is coming through now, mr
call is coming through now, mr	hello?
hello?	president bush, this is eric cartman! are we on a secure line?
president bush, this is eric cartman! are we on a secure line?	huh? who
huh? who	look, i know you're not the biggest hildog fan, but she is in
look, i know you're not the biggest hildog fan, but she is in	hildog?
hildog?	yes, i understand
yes, i understand	what is it, brian?
what is it, brian?	ms
ms	is the thread credible?
is the thread credible?	we aren't sure, but
we aren't sure, but	no
no	we've reached the rally site, hildog
we've reached the rally site, hildog	don't worry, mrs
don't worry, mrs	thank you, chris
thank you, chris	they know about the bomb!
they know about the bomb!	that is impossible! we took every measure to assure the bomb
that is impossible! we took every measure to assure the bomb	well somebody tipped off the cia
well somebody tipped off the cia	that bomb must travel with the clinton rally to boston!
that bomb must travel with the clinton rally to boston!	the bomb won't make it to boston now! with the heightened
the bomb won't make it to boston now! with the heightened	then we have no choice
then we have no choice	i understand, comrade
i understand, comrade	prepare yourself
prepare yourself	kyle, i'm at the clinton rally site, but there's no sign of
kyle, i'm at the clinton rally site, but there's no sign of	so then maybe you're wrong
so then maybe you're wrong	nope, i'm not wrong
nope, i'm not wrong	yeah
yeah	jesus, that's on the other side of town
jesus, that's on the other side of town	yeah
yeah	it's my balls! 
it's my balls! 	god damn it cartman!
god damn it cartman!	okay
okay	people of south park, it is my honor to introduce a woman who
people of south park, it is my honor to introduce a woman who	it is so nice to be back in a small town like the one i came
it is so nice to be back in a small town like the one i came	here we go! 
here we go! 	otis green, anything on that bomb threat? 
otis green, anything on that bomb threat? 	we have the bomb-sniffing pig going through the crowd
we have the bomb-sniffing pig going through the crowd	this is why i campaign in small towns like these! because it is
this is why i campaign in small towns like these! because it is	oh my god, she got a scent! 
oh my god, she got a scent! 	what?!
what?!	the pig is picking up the smell of nuclear residue
the pig is picking up the smell of nuclear residue	oh my god! where?! where could they have stashed it?!
oh my god! where?! where could they have stashed it?!	come on, find it
come on, find it	my god, they hid it under the stage?!
my god, they hid it under the stage?!	no wait, look
no wait, look	how much money do we have to waste on needless spendin' when we
how much money do we have to waste on needless spendin' when we	oh my god
oh my god	mr
mr	in her what?
in her what?	in her snatch, sir
in her snatch, sir	what?!
what?!	what is goin' on? i wasn't finished
what is goin' on? i wasn't finished	security measure, mrs
security measure, mrs	mr
mr	a what?!
a what?!	a snatch
a snatch	no, i mean what kind of nuclear device?!
no, i mean what kind of nuclear device?!	mr
mr	what is goin' on, brian?
what is goin' on, brian?	ms
ms	oh my
oh my	what do we do? can we disable the timer?
what do we do? can we disable the timer?	it won't have a timer
it won't have a timer	but then that means
but then that means	yes
yes	do we have that phone trace?
do we have that phone trace?	the call is going through now, sir
the call is going through now, sir	yeah? 
yeah? 	this is cia head alan thompson
this is cia head alan thompson	yes, mr
yes, mr	well, we've just arrived in your town
well, we've just arrived in your town	why? did you find something?
why? did you find something?	yes
yes	a snuke?
a snuke?	that's right
that's right	i have the address of the house the terrorist moved into
i have the address of the house the terrorist moved into	we're on the town's main street, right by an ice cream shop
we're on the town's main street, right by an ice cream shop	oh dude, i'm, i'm right next to you
oh dude, i'm, i'm right next to you	oh, hey
oh, hey	dude, we totally got let out of school
dude, we totally got let out of school	i know
i know	russian?
russian?	yeah, this guy
yeah, this guy	so he's a hillary clinton fan
so he's a hillary clinton fan	no
no	do a webcrawler search: maybe he has podcasts up somewhere
do a webcrawler search: maybe he has podcasts up somewhere	oh that's a good idea
oh that's a good idea	what is going on? what have we done?
what is going on? what have we done?	they claim they don't know anything about an attack
they claim they don't know anything about an attack	big surprise!
big surprise!	sir, first pass of the house, we didn't find a snuke detonator
sir, first pass of the house, we didn't find a snuke detonator	mr
mr	we thought he was at school
we thought he was at school	you're doing great, ms
you're doing great, ms	do they know how long, brian? how long before the snuke in my
do they know how long, brian? how long before the snuke in my	they'll find the detonator, hildog
they'll find the detonator, hildog	we can't wait for them to find the detonator
we can't wait for them to find the detonator	i'm not sending any of my men in there
i'm not sending any of my men in there	are you almost ready to set off the bomb?
are you almost ready to set off the bomb?	everything is set
everything is set	mr
mr	i tell you, i do not know
i tell you, i do not know	this is getting us nowhere
this is getting us nowhere	let me have time with him
let me have time with him	what are you going to do?
what are you going to do?	we have to find that detonator! let me have time with him!  you
we have to find that detonator! let me have time with him!  you	he should be at school!  hey!
he should be at school!  hey!	where is the detonator?!
where is the detonator?!	wuh-what detonator are you ta-
wuh-what detonator are you ta-	i can do this aaall day
i can do this aaall day	i don't know anything about a-  aawwwwgh  stop it! really!
i don't know anything about a-  aawwwwgh  stop it! really!	you can make it stop!
you can make it stop!	i don't have the- 
i don't have the- 	are we just gonna let this go on? 
are we just gonna let this go on? 	okay, i got a text of the russian guy's podcast
okay, i got a text of the russian guy's podcast	you should be able to search his username on ebay and see what
you should be able to search his username on ebay and see what	ferris, set up over there
ferris, set up over there	hey
hey	donner, take over that station
donner, take over that station	what's going on?
what's going on?	this apartment is being absorbed by homeland security!
this apartment is being absorbed by homeland security!	
	look, your little game of goin' over people's heads is over!
look, your little game of goin' over people's heads is over!	'scuse me, who's in charge here?!
'scuse me, who's in charge here?!	i am!
i am!	yeah well not anymore you're not
yeah well not anymore you're not	that's outrageous! on whose orders?!
that's outrageous! on whose orders?!	on order of the secretary of defense! you had your shot, now
on order of the secretary of defense! you had your shot, now	not anymore you're not! orders just came down from central!
not anymore you're not! orders just came down from central!	not anymore they're not! orders from the president: he wants
not anymore they're not! orders from the president: he wants	not anymore i'm not! 
not anymore i'm not! 	what are you going to do to my wife?!
what are you going to do to my wife?!	nothing
nothing	we told you: we don't know
we told you: we don't know	do you know what this is?!  this
do you know what this is?!  this	did he just inject himself with apple juice?
did he just inject himself with apple juice?	where is your son?!
where is your son?!	she doesn't know either
she doesn't know either	aaaaaaaah! aaaaaaaah!
aaaaaaaah! aaaaaaaah!	i mean it! stop! that is disgusting! where is your mother?! 
i mean it! stop! that is disgusting! where is your mother?! 	answer it! 
answer it! 	hallo? hallo baahir
hallo? hallo baahir	butters
butters	baahir, one of your classmates is keeping us hostage
baahir, one of your classmates is keeping us hostage	ogh! you filthy little rapscallion!
ogh! you filthy little rapscallion!	we got him! i know where he is!
we got him! i know where he is!	all right, where? we'll send our people in
all right, where? we'll send our people in	no no, he's my lead
no no, he's my lead	you're not going alone
you're not going alone	you blow in there and you risk taking him down without finding
you blow in there and you risk taking him down without finding	all right, people, i'm in charge now and we will find the
all right, people, i'm in charge now and we will find the	ask jeeves? nobody uses ask jeeves! just google-search it!
ask jeeves? nobody uses ask jeeves! just google-search it!	are you tellin' me how to do my job?
are you tellin' me how to do my job?	yes
yes	chase, search the name stolfsky on youtube and cross-reference
chase, search the name stolfsky on youtube and cross-reference	checking
checking	look, these russian guys all have blogs talking about this like
look, these russian guys all have blogs talking about this like	sir, these kids are right
sir, these kids are right	where's the intel from?
where's the intel from?	we just read it on drudge report
we just read it on drudge report	look, we already have the guy's blog
look, we already have the guy's blog	we do this my way! i'm the one in charge!
we do this my way! i'm the one in charge!	
	oh, snap
oh, snap	whoopee! i captured another one of your pieces, baahir
whoopee! i captured another one of your pieces, baahir	uuugh! 
uuugh! 	oh hey eric
oh hey eric	where is the detonator!
where is the detonator!	the what?
the what?	you have exactly five seconds before i start dropping serious
you have exactly five seconds before i start dropping serious	leave me alone!  upta!
leave me alone!  upta!	hey, i was about to win!
hey, i was about to win!	stop, terrorist, or i will shoot you! 
stop, terrorist, or i will shoot you! 	get in the van! 
get in the van! 	uh, that's cool
uh, that's cool	get in the van!
get in the van!	that's it! we don't have a choice anymore! somebody is going to
that's it! we don't have a choice anymore! somebody is going to	no, it's too dangerous! that snatch has not seen action in over
no, it's too dangerous! that snatch has not seen action in over	i'll do it! i'll check out ms
i'll do it! i'll check out ms	let me go! please! i am just a little boy!
let me go! please! i am just a little boy!	you called and warned the government of our plans! what you
you called and warned the government of our plans! what you	that's cool
that's cool	do you really think muslims are behind this terrorist threat?!
do you really think muslims are behind this terrorist threat?!	uhh yes, of course?
uhh yes, of course?	america had other enemies before the muslims, you know
america had other enemies before the muslims, you know	the russians?
the russians?	before that
before that	the germans?
the germans?	before that
before that	the germans again?
the germans again?	before that! i am talking about the oldest threat to america!
before that! i am talking about the oldest threat to america!	you can't possible mean
you can't possible mean	two hundred years we've waited
two hundred years we've waited	the russians are ready to set off the diversion
the russians are ready to set off the diversion	full sail, your majesty?
full sail, your majesty?	all right, brian, this is it
all right, brian, this is it	all right
all right	god help him
god help him	what do you see, brian?
what do you see, brian?	it's dark
it's dark	you're doing fine, brian
you're doing fine, brian	uh, uh, all right, i'm looking
uh, uh, all right, i'm looking	you're doin' great, brian
you're doin' great, brian	there's um, metal housing
there's um, metal housing	say again, brian
say again, brian	there's something perched on the snuke's coil
there's something perched on the snuke's coil	brian, get out of there!
brian, get out of there!	wha
wha	brian? brian, what's happening?
brian? brian, what's happening?	it's
it's	hoh my!
hoh my!	i got it! i got it! according to paypal, the russian guys are
i got it! i got it! according to paypal, the russian guys are	the british?
the british?	loyalist red coats!
loyalist red coats!	sir, i found the russian's eharmony account! it does list an
sir, i found the russian's eharmony account! it does list an	all right! mapquest the address!
all right! mapquest the address!	i'll use google maps
i'll use google maps	good thinking
good thinking	sir, we have the terrorists' location
sir, we have the terrorists' location	it was good knowing you, comrade
it was good knowing you, comrade	please
please	yes, but we will be rich
yes, but we will be rich	left flank, prig prang and clear! go go go! 
left flank, prig prang and clear! go go go! 	the game is over! get down on the ground!
the game is over! get down on the ground!	how did they find us?
how did they find us?	we know about everything! your diversion to help the red coats
we know about everything! your diversion to help the red coats	it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter	the power went out!
the power went out!	well so then what time is it? 
well so then what time is it? 	oh crap
oh crap	take 'em down! 
take 'em down! 	no! i don't want to die without being paid! 
no! i don't want to die without being paid! 	the detonator is secured, general
the detonator is secured, general	the rebel americans know of our attack?!
the rebel americans know of our attack?!	how?
how?	fire at will! 
fire at will! 	yes?
yes?	your majesty, the attack has failed
your majesty, the attack has failed	i see
i see	well, looks like we saved our country from british rule once
well, looks like we saved our country from british rule once	yeah
yeah	well baahir, i was thinking that maybe i owe you an apology
well baahir, i was thinking that maybe i owe you an apology	really?
really?	yes, but then i realized that, technically, i don't
yes, but then i realized that, technically, i don't	
	but if i hadn't called you in the first place to check out the
but if i hadn't called you in the first place to check out the	
	maybe? if i hadn't called you, you wouldn't have been on your
maybe? if i hadn't called you, you wouldn't have been on your	
	me being a bigot stopped a nuclear bomb from going off, yes or
me being a bigot stopped a nuclear bomb from going off, yes or	the-that's not the right way to look at it, i-
the-that's not the right way to look at it, i-	yes or no, kyle?!
yes or no, kyle?!	no! 
no! 	but that's all i'm saying: today, bigotry and racism saved the
but that's all i'm saying: today, bigotry and racism saved the	baahir! get away from that disgusting child! get back home and
baahir! get away from that disgusting child! get back home and	awwwww
awwwww	okay
okay	
	look at that one, huh? half purple and half yellow with a
look at that one, huh? half purple and half yellow with a	uh, can i ask a question? why do we do this?
uh, can i ask a question? why do we do this?	wha
wha	right, so, why do we color eggs? 
right, so, why do we color eggs? 	wulll, ssso that the easter bunny can hide them
wulll, ssso that the easter bunny can hide them	yeah, but why?
yeah, but why?	stanley, easter celebrates the day that jesus was resurrected
stanley, easter celebrates the day that jesus was resurrected	so we dip eggs in colored vinegar and a giant rabbit hides them?
so we dip eggs in colored vinegar and a giant rabbit hides them?	that's right
that's right	you don't see the missteps in logic with that?  look, i'm just
you don't see the missteps in logic with that?  look, i'm just	stanley, just dye your goddamned eggs!
stanley, just dye your goddamned eggs!	i don't feel like coloring eggs! i don't get it!
i don't feel like coloring eggs! i don't get it!	what is wrong with him?!
what is wrong with him?!	well, he's just getting older, randy
well, he's just getting older, randy	you know so little! 
you know so little! 	and i want a baltor soldier doll for easter, and five
and i want a baltor soldier doll for easter, and five	ahh, don't you think that's-
ahh, don't you think that's-	nono! you don't ask me questions! you are a rabbit! i am a
nono! you don't ask me questions! you are a rabbit! i am a	smile! 
smile! 	bye, easter bunny! 
bye, easter bunny! 	oh my god
oh my god	all right, can you explain to me what's going on?
all right, can you explain to me what's going on?	huh?
huh?	what is the deal with the coloring the eggs and you hiding them
what is the deal with the coloring the eggs and you hiding them	look, kid ahh, i'm j-, i'm just a guy in a costume
look, kid ahh, i'm j-, i'm just a guy in a costume	i know that! but i figure you must have some knowledge of what
i know that! but i figure you must have some knowledge of what	huhuh, easter's just easter
huhuh, easter's just easter	no, i'm not gonna just go with it! i'm gonna find out what's
no, i'm not gonna just go with it! i'm gonna find out what's	i need a break
i need a break	mom? dad?  anybody home?
mom? dad?  anybody home?	not now, stanley, i'm on the toilet! 
not now, stanley, i'm on the toilet! 	dad! you've gotta help me! 
dad! you've gotta help me! 	hang on, i'm taking a crap
hang on, i'm taking a crap	dad! there's easter bunnies chasing me!
dad! there's easter bunnies chasing me!	what?
what?	they chased me from the mall! i don't know what they want! 
they chased me from the mall! i don't know what they want! 	we
we	randy?
randy?	yeah
yeah	ohhh
ohhh	tell the grand hare everything is okay
tell the grand hare everything is okay	i wanted to keep this from you, stan
i wanted to keep this from you, stan	why were those other rabbit guys chasing me?!
why were those other rabbit guys chasing me?!	we have to be careful when we think somebody's onto us
we have to be careful when we think somebody's onto us	does mom know about this?
does mom know about this?	duh, it's the hare club for men
duh, it's the hare club for men	i don't understand!
i don't understand!	i belong to a secret society that has been around for thousands
i belong to a secret society that has been around for thousands	could, could you, take off, the ears, please?
could, could you, take off, the ears, please?	stan, you don't seem to understand how serious this is! the
stan, you don't seem to understand how serious this is! the	so what is the secret of easter?
so what is the secret of easter?	i can't tell you
i can't tell you	i always knew this day would come, when my son would be brought
i always knew this day would come, when my son would be brought	grandpa's in it too?
grandpa's in it too?	of course
of course	dad, do i have to wear this bag over my head the entire time?
dad, do i have to wear this bag over my head the entire time?	you aren't a member yet
you aren't a member yet	you mean the old galveston lodge? 
you mean the old galveston lodge? 	dammit
dammit	hey bill
hey bill	evenin' marcus
evenin' marcus	heh heh hey, look at you!
heh heh hey, look at you!	hey everybody
hey everybody	stan marsh, welcome! you must be very excited
stan marsh, welcome! you must be very excited	must i?
must i?	there he is! there's my grandson!
there he is! there's my grandson!	hi grandpa
hi grandpa	i'm proud of ya, billy
i'm proud of ya, billy	
	tonight, we determine if a new member is worthy of protecting
tonight, we determine if a new member is worthy of protecting	sanctum piter oteum, deus ore uneum
sanctum piter oteum, deus ore uneum	all hail the cute rabbit, snowball!
all hail the cute rabbit, snowball!	hail snowball
hail snowball	stan marsh, are you ready to hear the secret of easter?
stan marsh, are you ready to hear the secret of easter?	yeah
yeah	are you sure, son? once you hear the secret, you will be bound
are you sure, son? once you hear the secret, you will be bound	yeah, i wanna know already
yeah, i wanna know already	very well
very well	they found us! 
they found us! 	protect snowball! 
protect snowball! 	they're everywhere! 
they're everywhere! 	come on, we've gotta go!  stan, take snowball and get out of
come on, we've gotta go!  stan, take snowball and get out of	where am i supposed to go?
where am i supposed to go?	just get out of here! 
just get out of here! 	where is the rabbit?!
where is the rabbit?!	where are you taking us?
where are you taking us?	no! i'm not goin' anywhere! 
no! i'm not goin' anywhere! 	jesus christ! 
jesus christ! 	who did you give the rabbit to?!  search the area! the boy
who did you give the rabbit to?!  search the area! the boy	oh no
oh no	help
help	what happened?
what happened?	my dad's in a rabbit-worshiping cult called the hare club for
my dad's in a rabbit-worshiping cult called the hare club for	
	dude, they took my dad away
dude, they took my dad away	dude, i'm jewish
dude, i'm jewish	nelson
nelson	my legs
my legs	nelson, do you know where we are? where did they take us?
nelson, do you know where we are? where did they take us?	don't know
don't know	you
you	hi, we'd like to speak to a  professor teabag? 
hi, we'd like to speak to a  professor teabag? 	what is it in regard to? 
what is it in regard to? 	the history of easter
the history of easter	sorry boys, it's a little late for me to be giving lectures
sorry boys, it's a little late for me to be giving lectures	please? do you know anything about the hare club for men? 
please? do you know anything about the hare club for men? 	the keepers?  the guardians of the secret?
the keepers?  the guardians of the secret?	my dad is in it
my dad is in it	come on in
come on in	the hare club for men has been around for centuries
the hare club for men has been around for centuries	just bread
just bread	really? look to jesus's right
really? look to jesus's right	it kind of looks like
it kind of looks like	yes
yes	who is saint peter?
who is saint peter?	he was the disciple that jesus made into the first pope
he was the disciple that jesus made into the first pope	eggsactly
eggsactly	peter rabbit
peter rabbit	of course, the church wouldn't allow da vinci to paint peter as
of course, the church wouldn't allow da vinci to paint peter as	i don't see it
i don't see it	look closelier
look closelier	he looks like a guy
he looks like a guy	look more closelier
look more closelier	i don't believe it
i don't believe it	proof is everywhere
proof is everywhere	but why would jesus want a rabbit to run his church?
but why would jesus want a rabbit to run his church?	because jesus knew no one man could speak for everyone in a
because jesus knew no one man could speak for everyone in a	so
so	you dare to mock god by telling people st
you dare to mock god by telling people st	you monster! you have no right to wear that hat!
you monster! you have no right to wear that hat!	trying to tell people that st
trying to tell people that st	it's saying stupid things like that that made jesus wanna put a
it's saying stupid things like that that made jesus wanna put a	i'm sorry i couldn't bring you the rabbit, your holiness, but
i'm sorry i couldn't bring you the rabbit, your holiness, but	the rabbit you call snowball is a threat to christ's church
the rabbit you call snowball is a threat to christ's church	i don't know! and even if i did know
i don't know! and even if i did know	take him to be tortured!
take him to be tortured!	tortured, huh, but bill, all this
tortured, huh, but bill, all this	you asked for the help of the american catholic league, let us
you asked for the help of the american catholic league, let us	no! no, you bunny-hating bastards! don't do this!
no! no, you bunny-hating bastards! don't do this!	i don't get it
i don't get it	i believe snowball must be a direct descendant of st
i believe snowball must be a direct descendant of st	mr
mr	they found me!
they found me!	boys, get out of here!  head to the woods! i'll try to buy you
boys, get out of here!  head to the woods! i'll try to buy you	check upstairs!  upstairs clear! try the office! 
check upstairs!  upstairs clear! try the office! 	in here! 
in here! 	what's that? 
what's that? 	peeeeps! 
peeeeps! 	so what now?
so what now?	if the pope has my dad
if the pope has my dad	you aren't just gonna hand snowball over?
you aren't just gonna hand snowball over?	what choice do i have?! there's nobody left who can help us! 
what choice do i have?! there's nobody left who can help us! 	i think the rabbit just crapped on my jacket
i think the rabbit just crapped on my jacket	live, from the vatican, it's our easter vigil coverage
live, from the vatican, it's our easter vigil coverage	as holy saturday comes to an end, the easter vigil at the
as holy saturday comes to an end, the easter vigil at the	nooo! noo! no, don't put m-  aaaaaaaaaah!
nooo! noo! no, don't put m-  aaaaaaaaaah!	bill, this seems extreme
bill, this seems extreme	the child who has the rabbit has to know that we are willing to
the child who has the rabbit has to know that we are willing to	your holiness, a child has arrived with a the rabbit!
your holiness, a child has arrived with a the rabbit!	ya see? 
ya see? 	oh thank god! hand it over, stan! they're gonna kill me! give
oh thank god! hand it over, stan! they're gonna kill me! give	yes, hand it over!
yes, hand it over!	first, you have to promise you won't hurt it! and that you'll
first, you have to promise you won't hurt it! and that you'll	we promise
we promise	we swear it, on the cross
we swear it, on the cross	just hand over the bunny, stan!
just hand over the bunny, stan!	okay, fine
okay, fine	stanley, why did you do that? i would have proudly died for
stanley, why did you do that? i would have proudly died for	you said "hand over the bunny
you said "hand over the bunny	no! that is not the way we're remembering it!
no! that is not the way we're remembering it!	take them into custody! 
take them into custody! 	hey, what the hell!
hey, what the hell!	bill, we have zeh rabbit, it's all we need
bill, we have zeh rabbit, it's all we need	don't be soft, your holiness! these "whores" must be punished
don't be soft, your holiness! these "whores" must be punished	you swore on the cross, fatso!
you swore on the cross, fatso!	yeah
yeah	oh, we should've seen that coming!
oh, we should've seen that coming!	bill, i'm not sure that double-crossing people is very
bill, i'm not sure that double-crossing people is very	it is what christ would've wanted!
it is what christ would've wanted!	who are you to say that?! 
who are you to say that?! 	it
it	jesus! 
jesus! 	he is risen
he is risen	jesus, we thought you died
jesus, we thought you died	i have the power of resurrection
i have the power of resurrection	jesus, you did answer my prayer! 
jesus, you did answer my prayer! 	actually, i was answering the prayer of nick donovan
actually, i was answering the prayer of nick donovan	ohh, that's me neato!
ohh, that's me neato!	this is exactly why i put a rabbit in charge of the church,
this is exactly why i put a rabbit in charge of the church,	kill him!
kill him!	what?!
what?!	he goes against the church
he goes against the church	all right, that does it, bill
all right, that does it, bill	you are soft! weak! you leave me no choice: take them! 
you are soft! weak! you leave me no choice: take them! 	what are you doing?! 
what are you doing?! 	i am the pope!
i am the pope!	you are no longer able to fulfill your duties to the lord!  the
you are no longer able to fulfill your duties to the lord!  the	what is your problem, guy?!
what is your problem, guy?!	lock up those two jews!  we'll deal with them later
lock up those two jews!  we'll deal with them later	no! no! 
no! no! 	a strange turn of events here at the vatican: pope benedictus
a strange turn of events here at the vatican: pope benedictus	my people! this easter i'm gonna start by making our rabbit
my people! this easter i'm gonna start by making our rabbit	no! listen! we aren't rabbits!  oof
no! listen! we aren't rabbits!  oof	forgive me, jesus
forgive me, jesus	we'll never get out in time to stop him!
we'll never get out in time to stop him!	don't you have any superpowers?
don't you have any superpowers?	not as a mortal
not as a mortal	what?
what?	stab me with this
stab me with this	n-no way! do it yourself
n-no way! do it yourself	suicide is blasphemy
suicide is blasphemy	dude, you don't understand, i'm a jew
dude, you don't understand, i'm a jew	just make it quick
just make it quick	don't make me do this
don't make me do this	my son, there is no time! do it!
my son, there is no time! do it!	eric cartman can never know about this
eric cartman can never know about this	i understand
i understand	happy easter, jesus
happy easter, jesus	awgh! 
awgh! 	
	behold, no longer will easter be about bunnies and colored
behold, no longer will easter be about bunnies and colored	sorry, little bunny
sorry, little bunny	snowball! 
snowball! 	jesus?
jesus?	stop! that rabbit is of holy descent!
stop! that rabbit is of holy descent!	why won't you go away?!
why won't you go away?!	one man cannot be the voice of the church!
one man cannot be the voice of the church!	enough of this blasphemy! i'm the pope now! that means i am the
enough of this blasphemy! i'm the pope now! that means i am the	not anymore
not anymore	yaaay!
yaaay!	all right jesus!
all right jesus!	sanctum piter oteum, deus ore uneum
sanctum piter oteum, deus ore uneum	your holiness, what should we tell the world about how to run
your holiness, what should we tell the world about how to run	yes, just as a-jesus intended it
yes, just as a-jesus intended it	stanley, i'm so proud of you
stanley, i'm so proud of you	yeah
yeah	that's my boy
that's my boy	in suspiratoreum, lepus in re sanctum
in suspiratoreum, lepus in re sanctum	everyone, sit down and shut the fuck up! god damn it!  stupid
everyone, sit down and shut the fuck up! god damn it!  stupid	oh god, here we go again
oh god, here we go again	all men care about is sex! i spent two hours getting ready for
all men care about is sex! i spent two hours getting ready for	uh oh, this isn't good
uh oh, this isn't good	did i say something to you, sugartits?!
did i say something to you, sugartits?!	no ma'am
no ma'am	you boys make me sick! you're well on your way to being men,
you boys make me sick! you're well on your way to being men,	have you lost your mind?
have you lost your mind?	dude, we can't read an entire book in one weekend
dude, we can't read an entire book in one weekend	oh, that's too bad, dude
oh, that's too bad, dude	but teacher, my penis never slips out of my pants
but teacher, my penis never slips out of my pants	if you do not have an essay written on monday, then you will
if you do not have an essay written on monday, then you will	dude, how are we supposed to read an entire book over the
dude, how are we supposed to read an entire book over the	our whole weekend is shot
our whole weekend is shot	(what the hell are we going to do?!)
(what the hell are we going to do?!)	you guys, you guys, relax
you guys, you guys, relax	we don't?
we don't?	no
no	que paso? que paso? looking for work? s? trabajo?
que paso? que paso? looking for work? s? trabajo?	yeis
yeis	we looking work, s
we looking work, s	okay, listen up, mexicans
okay, listen up, mexicans	okay
okay	sure
sure	okay
okay	yeah
yeah	here
here	okay no problem
okay no problem	yeah, we can do that
yeah, we can do that	s, la samuraisia
s, la samuraisia	okay, gracias
okay, gracias	gracias
gracias	dude, that is awesome
dude, that is awesome	oh yeah, dude
oh yeah, dude	they can all rot in hell! who needs men anyway?! they're god
they can all rot in hell! who needs men anyway?! they're god	are you okay, hon?
are you okay, hon?	i just hate men is all
i just hate men is all	yeah, i've never been into men
yeah, i've never been into men	tell me about it! i can't even stretch at a normal gym without
tell me about it! i can't even stretch at a normal gym without	i'm allyson
i'm allyson	oh, i'm janet
oh, i'm janet	no, i like it
no, i like it	yeah, i've been told that
yeah, i've been told that	how come i've never seen you down at the girl bar?
how come i've never seen you down at the girl bar?	girl bar? i never even knew there was such a place
girl bar? i never even knew there was such a place	oh you'd love it
oh you'd love it	hi linda, hi kate
hi linda, hi kate	hey allyson
hey allyson	who's the new girl?
who's the new girl?	allyson always goes for the butch ones
allyson always goes for the butch ones	hey nell
hey nell	oowhat a great place
oowhat a great place	yeah
yeah	he-yeah
he-yeah	you know
you know	oh my god, this is a lesbian bar?
oh my god, this is a lesbian bar?	yeah
yeah	oh jeez
oh jeez	i'm sorry
i'm sorry	but i'm not a- 
but i'm not a- 	janet, i'm really sorry
janet, i'm really sorry	i don't like being with men! they're perverted selfish pigs!
i don't like being with men! they're perverted selfish pigs!	have you
have you	oho goodness no! of course i haven't
oho goodness no! of course i haven't	there are a lot of ways to make love, janet
there are a lot of ways to make love, janet	i guess i'd be lying if i said i wasn't a little 
i guess i'd be lying if i said i wasn't a little 	could i
could i	oh, this is wrong! you're another woman; it doesn't make sense!
oh, this is wrong! you're another woman; it doesn't make sense!	is it wrong, janet? let your inhibitions go
is it wrong, janet? let your inhibitions go	oh yeah, scissor! yeah, scissor me allyson!
oh yeah, scissor! yeah, scissor me allyson!	janet, you're crazy!
janet, you're crazy!	oh, this is hot scissoring! ohh! scissor me timbers!
oh, this is hot scissoring! ohh! scissor me timbers!	they'd better be done with the book reports! school starts in
they'd better be done with the book reports! school starts in	they'll be done
they'll be done	s, s
s, s	what was it about? ih-in case our teacher asks us
what was it about? ih-in case our teacher asks us	eet starts there the old man, and his job is to catch the
eet starts there the old man, and his job is to catch the	saw he catch the feesh, but the feesh is very strong, so the
saw he catch the feesh, but the feesh is very strong, so the	so then he fight the feesh
so then he fight the feesh	he catches the feesh so, then he can make money
he catches the feesh so, then he can make money	no, because on the way home, the sharks come and eat the feesh
no, because on the way home, the sharks come and eat the feesh	that's it, that's the whole story?
that's it, that's the whole story?	s
s	all right, did you write the four essays?
all right, did you write the four essays?	s, we all wrote essays for you
s, we all wrote essays for you	all right!
all right!	okay, let's have 'em
okay, let's have 'em	have what?
have what?	you said you all wrote essays
you said you all wrote essays	well, my ese lives in miami
well, my ese lives in miami	i wrote my ese in albuquerque
i wrote my ese in albuquerque	i wrote three eses: my ese back home, my ese in denver, and my
i wrote three eses: my ese back home, my ese in denver, and my	(uh oh
(uh oh	dude, we're totally fucked now!
dude, we're totally fucked now!	why the hell would we pay you to write your friends?!
why the hell would we pay you to write your friends?!	we thought it was kind of strange
we thought it was kind of strange	this is your fault, cartman! now we're gonna fail!
this is your fault, cartman! now we're gonna fail!	you guys, school starts in ten minutes!
you guys, school starts in ten minutes!	son of a bitch! 
son of a bitch! 	clyde? clyde! heyhey clyde!  you didn't finish your essay
clyde? clyde! heyhey clyde!  you didn't finish your essay	no, i got it done
no, i got it done	jimmy, did you finish your book report?
jimmy, did you finish your book report?	yeah
yeah	crap! 
crap! 	we're dead
we're dead	hello, class
hello, class	mrs
mrs	oho, that's okay eric
oho, that's okay eric	really?
really?	kids, i need to tell you something that you might find
kids, i need to tell you something that you might find	again?
again?	it was a shock to me too
it was a shock to me too	you have to be careful with scissors
you have to be careful with scissors	but listen, i am not going to just rush into a relationship
but listen, i am not going to just rush into a relationship	that's great! let's hear it for teacher being a lesbian!
that's great! let's hear it for teacher being a lesbian!	yay!
yay!	teeheeheehee
teeheeheehee	hey tracy, hey kate
hey tracy, hey kate	hi janet
hi janet	lookin' hot, linda
lookin' hot, linda	huh?
huh?	hey patty
hey patty	what's up, janet
what's up, janet	ooo, stop giving me that look
ooo, stop giving me that look	hey janet, why don't you pick up on your own girl? 
hey janet, why don't you pick up on your own girl? 	oh yeah, dyke fight!  you kicked me right in the pussy!  uh?
oh yeah, dyke fight!  you kicked me right in the pussy!  uh?	you guys
you guys	what is it, katie?
what is it, katie?	they're closing down the bar
they're closing down the bar	closing it down? they can't do that
closing it down? they can't do that	this is our home
this is our home	yeah, this is our home
yeah, this is our home	well it's true, i just talked to the owners
well it's true, i just talked to the owners	persians?!
persians?!	so where are we supposed to go?
so where are we supposed to go?	we aren't going anywhere! we have a history here! persians are
we aren't going anywhere! we have a history here! persians are	mayor, this is an outrage! we are being discriminated against
mayor, this is an outrage! we are being discriminated against	you're a lesbian now?
you're a lesbian now?	that's right
that's right	the bar has been sold to persian club owners
the bar has been sold to persian club owners	forbid the transaction! this is happening all over the country,
forbid the transaction! this is happening all over the country,	yeah, that's right!
yeah, that's right!	i'm sorry, but my hands are tied
i'm sorry, but my hands are tied	have you seen how persians decorate? they will cover that bar
have you seen how persians decorate? they will cover that bar	mrs
mrs	well, here's to some great times at this place
well, here's to some great times at this place	yeah
yeah	now, come on gals! i can't believe what i'm hearing! we can't
now, come on gals! i can't believe what i'm hearing! we can't	well, what are we supposed to do, janet?
well, what are we supposed to do, janet?	we stand and fight! when the persians come we tell them "we
we stand and fight! when the persians come we tell them "we	actually, it's "lebow"
actually, it's "lebow"	no, it's les bos!  we
no, it's les bos!  we	the persians have sent somebody to talk to us
the persians have sent somebody to talk to us	hello, my name is emir hadi
hello, my name is emir hadi	yes, we are
yes, we are	well, we want to assure you that when this place becomes
well, we want to assure you that when this place becomes	i knew it! i knew it!
i knew it! i knew it!	but you are still welcome to come
but you are still welcome to come	would you allow straight people in? men?
would you allow straight people in? men?	well
well	choose your next words wisely, persian! 
choose your next words wisely, persian! 	look uhh, we don't have to offer you anything, so
look uhh, we don't have to offer you anything, so	no, this isn't crazy
no, this isn't crazy	ohhhhh!
ohhhhh!	how dare you! 
how dare you! 	and so it had begun
and so it had begun	as a group of lesbians in colorado are refusing to allow the
as a group of lesbians in colorado are refusing to allow the	good for them!
good for them!	you go girls! 
you go girls! 	the persians returned to their office and told their coworkers
the persians returned to their office and told their coworkers	well fine
well fine	the hours pass quickly, and the lesbians boldly stood out in
the hours pass quickly, and the lesbians boldly stood out in	here they come
here they come	there's so many of them
there's so many of them	lesbos! positions! 
lesbos! positions! 	lesbians! stand aside
lesbians! stand aside	the hell you are! you can take your blue carpet and gold
the hell you are! you can take your blue carpet and gold	all right! come on! they can't stop all of us! huuu!
all right! come on! they can't stop all of us! huuu!	huuu! 
huuu! 	lesbos! remember this day! remember this fight!  don't give
lesbos! remember this day! remember this fight!  don't give	come on, seriously, let us in!
come on, seriously, let us in!	never!
never!	for hours, the lesbos kept the persians back, holding them off,
for hours, the lesbos kept the persians back, holding them off,	lesbohhhs!
lesbohhhs!	huok! huok!
huok! huok!	the persians who did not go shopping now knew they must face
the persians who did not go shopping now knew they must face	here he comes
here he comes	rauf xerxes
rauf xerxes	mr
mr	tumon, how could you have failed me in this simple task? i am
tumon, how could you have failed me in this simple task? i am	and with that the persian club owner came to a realization
and with that the persian club owner came to a realization	i shall have to deal with these lesbos myself
i shall have to deal with these lesbos myself	girls, i just want to say that i am very proud of you
girls, i just want to say that i am very proud of you	well that's great, janet, but what now? we can't just stay here
well that's great, janet, but what now? we can't just stay here	we can't? i think it's pretty fun
we can't? i think it's pretty fun	we have to have a more solid plan
we have to have a more solid plan	maybe we can dig up some dirt on the club owner
maybe we can dig up some dirt on the club owner	hey, that's a great idea, betsy
hey, that's a great idea, betsy	whattaya mean?
whattaya mean?	if we could get some persians on our side, we could send them
if we could get some persians on our side, we could send them	but who's gonna spy on them for us? we don't know any persians
but who's gonna spy on them for us? we don't know any persians	it's okay
it's okay	que paso? que paso? looking for work? s? trabajo?
que paso? que paso? looking for work? s? trabajo?	yeis
yeis	we looking work, s
we looking work, s	all right
all right	okay
okay	sure
sure	okay
okay	yeah
yeah	janet, how is this gonna work? they don't look persian
janet, how is this gonna work? they don't look persian	sure they do
sure they do	s
s	wow!
wow!	all right, mexicans, take the rest of these outfits and see
all right, mexicans, take the rest of these outfits and see	okay
okay	no problem
no problem	yes
yes	s
s	and mexicans, please hurry
and mexicans, please hurry	a full day passed, and the lesbos knew a second persian attack
a full day passed, and the lesbos knew a second persian attack	the persians are attacking again!
the persians are attacking again!	take positions, lesbos!
take positions, lesbos!	get outside! 
get outside! 	no wait, wait! that's not the persians, it's the mexicans
no wait, wait! that's not the persians, it's the mexicans	really?
really?	how can you tell?
how can you tell?	let them through
let them through	hola, como estas?
hola, como estas?	hola
hola	did you uncover anything? are the persians doing anything
did you uncover anything? are the persians doing anything	ahh, no
ahh, no	a-are you sure?
a-are you sure?	no, but we did find out a kind of secret about the person in
no, but we did find out a kind of secret about the person in	what secret?!  oh my god, are, are you sure about this?
what secret?!  oh my god, are, are you sure about this?	s
s	janet! janet, the persian boss is here
janet! janet, the persian boss is here	it's okay
it's okay	why are you lesbians being so difficult?
why are you lesbians being so difficult?	because we're protecting the only home we have
because we're protecting the only home we have	i don't know why you have to be all superlame about this
i don't know why you have to be all superlame about this	you know, a long time ago when i first realized i was a
you know, a long time ago when i first realized i was a	okay, how about this?  i will make you the manager of club
okay, how about this?  i will make you the manager of club	that's a generous offer, xerxes, but you see, there's something
that's a generous offer, xerxes, but you see, there's something	how
how	i hired mexicans to spy on you! they saw you working out at
i hired mexicans to spy on you! they saw you working out at	you don't understand
you don't understand	yeah
yeah	you do? seriously?
you do? seriously?	have you never
have you never	no
no	ohh yeah! scissor me, xerxes!
ohh yeah! scissor me, xerxes!	ohh, that feels so supercool!
ohh, that feels so supercool!	yeah, scissor!
yeah, scissor!	ohh, i'm a new woman!
ohh, i'm a new woman!	and so it was that les bos was saved
and so it was that les bos was saved	thanks for everything, xerxes
thanks for everything, xerxes	no
no	hey, aren't you supposed to be teaching school right now?
hey, aren't you supposed to be teaching school right now?	the school hired a substitute to cover for me
the school hired a substitute to cover for me	hand so to find the sum of the two fractions, zhyou must always
hand so to find the sum of the two fractions, zhyou must always	s
s	s
s	s
s	these guys are pretty good
these guys are pretty good	yeah
yeah	all right, this time, it's me and kenny versus you two assholes
all right, this time, it's me and kenny versus you two assholes	fine
fine	oh, dude, what's with all the homeless people?  sir, could you
oh, dude, what's with all the homeless people?  sir, could you	spare some change?
spare some change?	aw, dude, he smells like kenny's house
aw, dude, he smells like kenny's house	you guys, that's not cool
you guys, that's not cool	well dude, what are we supposed to do?
well dude, what are we supposed to do?	(yeah, what are we supposed to do?)
(yeah, what are we supposed to do?)	no, kyle's right, you guys
no, kyle's right, you guys	really?
really?	yeah
yeah	gather 'round and witness the glory as eric cartman attempts to
gather 'round and witness the glory as eric cartman attempts to	thank you, thank you
thank you, thank you	yeah, it's all set
yeah, it's all set	he won't make it
he won't make it	excuse me, this isn't exactly what i had in mind!
excuse me, this isn't exactly what i had in mind!	all right, here we go! jimmy? 
all right, here we go! jimmy? 	oh! aww
oh! aww	yes! i did it!  i jumped over the homeless!  yes!
yes! i did it!  i jumped over the homeless!  yes!	(yehes!)
(yehes!)	that was a sweet idea, kyle
that was a sweet idea, kyle	god damn it, that wasn't my idea!
god damn it, that wasn't my idea!	all right, people, we need to come up with answers
all right, people, we need to come up with answers	well, i, i short of had an idea
well, i, i short of had an idea	please, mr
please, mr	we could give the homeless all designer sleeping bags and
we could give the homeless all designer sleeping bags and	oh, that's a good one
oh, that's a good one	well i was thinking: we could turn the homeless into tires, so
well i was thinking: we could turn the homeless into tires, so	ohh, that's a good one
ohh, that's a good one	nice one, randy
nice one, randy	like it
like it	that's like recycling
that's like recycling	all right, enough! i find this whole conversation to be
all right, enough! i find this whole conversation to be	you mean they've adapted, copied our dna
you mean they've adapted, copied our dna	excuse me
excuse me	hi
hi	got any more?
got any more?	no, that
no, that	spare any change?
spare any change?	you're welcome
you're welcome	oh crap
oh crap	dude, what are all these homeless people doing in front of your
dude, what are all these homeless people doing in front of your	i don't know
i don't know	there's a bunch outside my house too
there's a bunch outside my house too	spare any change, sir?
spare any change, sir?	no! fuck off! 
no! fuck off! 	i don't get it
i don't get it	he did?
he did?	well this is bullcrap! somebody has to be responsible!
well this is bullcrap! somebody has to be responsible!	well, i
well, i	you what?!
you what?!	oh c-come on, that can't be why they're all here
oh c-come on, that can't be why they're all here	kyle, what were you thinking?
kyle, what were you thinking?	yeah! i can't possibly jump these many homeless people! i won't
yeah! i can't possibly jump these many homeless people! i won't	i don't want you to jump them, retard!
i don't want you to jump them, retard!	spare some change?
spare some change?	no, sorry, i don't have any change
no, sorry, i don't have any change	got any change?
got any change?	no, sorry
no, sorry	can you spare some change? 
can you spare some change? 	chaaange?
chaaange?	huh! i don't have any change
huh! i don't have any change	change?
change?	no!
no!	change? 
change? 	spare some change?
spare some change?	leave me alone i don't have any change!
leave me alone i don't have any change!	all right, god bless you, sir
all right, god bless you, sir	oh, now i feel bad
oh, now i feel bad	spare some change?
spare some change?	i just gave you change!
i just gave you change!	change? 
change? 	wahhh! i don't have any more change!  noo! i don't have any
wahhh! i don't have any more change!  noo! i don't have any	okay, that'll be great
okay, that'll be great	waaah!  awwww!  stay away!  stay awayhay!
waaah!  awwww!  stay away!  stay awayhay!	randy? randy, what happened?
randy? randy, what happened?	stay awa- 
stay awa- 	this is a news 5 special bulletin, with chris swollenballs
this is a news 5 special bulletin, with chris swollenballs	south park has become overrun with the homeless
south park has become overrun with the homeless	help! help us!
help! help us!	dude, it's our dads
dude, it's our dads	oh my god
oh my god	in the meantime, south park citizens are being advised to stay
in the meantime, south park citizens are being advised to stay	spare some change?
spare some change?	what the? you can't be in here
what the? you can't be in here	ya got any change, sir?
ya got any change, sir?	no i don't have any change
no i don't have any change	chaaaaange?
chaaaaange?	no, please
no, please	you see what you did, kyle?!
you see what you did, kyle?!	come on, we have to try and help our stupid parents
come on, we have to try and help our stupid parents	they're everywhere!
they're everywhere!	what are you boys doing? get in
what are you boys doing? get in	spare any change, sir?
spare any change, sir?	ahhhh!  come on, let's go!  what the hell were you doing
ahhhh!  come on, let's go!  what the hell were you doing	our parents are stuck on top of a building in town
our parents are stuck on top of a building in town	you aren't getting into town! it's completely overrun with
you aren't getting into town! it's completely overrun with	ahh! 
ahh! 	no! i don't need my windshield cleaned! stop it! stop iiit! 
no! i don't need my windshield cleaned! stop it! stop iiit! 	aaahhh! 
aaahhh! 	holy shit, dude! 
holy shit, dude! 	over here!  jump down! go! 
over here!  jump down! go! 	aw man, it really smells like kenny's house down here
aw man, it really smells like kenny's house down here	(dude, shut the fuck up about my house!)
(dude, shut the fuck up about my house!)	whoa, kenny, relax dude
whoa, kenny, relax dude	come on, we gotta get to that scientist's house
come on, we gotta get to that scientist's house	no sign of anybody else
no sign of anybody else	that's it
that's it	don't be crazy, gerald
don't be crazy, gerald	and even if you did, what then? you can't drive anywhere
and even if you did, what then? you can't drive anywhere	if i can make it through them, maybe i can catch the bus to
if i can make it through them, maybe i can catch the bus to	you won't make it through, gerald! 
you won't make it through, gerald! 	ahh
ahh	change? change sir? you got some change?
change? change sir? you got some change?	don't have any change
don't have any change	change, sir?
change, sir?	can i have just a little change for the bus, please? i need a
can i have just a little change for the bus, please? i need a	what happened?
what happened?	he's become one of them
he's become one of them	go away, i i don't have any change
go away, i i don't have any change	are you the head of homeless studies?
are you the head of homeless studies?	yes
yes	we think this may be our friend's fault
we think this may be our friend's fault	oh my god
oh my god	there's a bunch of people trapped in the middle of town
there's a bunch of people trapped in the middle of town	all right, all right, look! i didn't wanna risk it, but
all right, all right, look! i didn't wanna risk it, but	jump them?
jump them?	i jump the homeless professionally
i jump the homeless professionally	oh, shut up, cartman
oh, shut up, cartman	i easily could have cleared another thirty or forty
i easily could have cleared another thirty or forty	you barely made it over one, fatass!
you barely made it over one, fatass!	kyle, enough! cartman jumping more homeless people isn't gonna
kyle, enough! cartman jumping more homeless people isn't gonna	god damn it! i don't want him to jump over more a-
god damn it! i don't want him to jump over more a-	boys! boys! i don't think you quite understand how the homeless
boys! boys! i don't think you quite understand how the homeless	we don't have any change! go away!
we don't have any change! go away!	anything, stephen?
anything, stephen?	no
no	hello? ih-it's steve garrett from the library
hello? ih-it's steve garrett from the library	find another place to hide, steve!
find another place to hide, steve!	i i have others with me
i i have others with me	we can't just leave them out there
we can't just leave them out there	let us in! for god's sake, they're coming! no! no, i'm sorry,
let us in! for god's sake, they're coming! no! no, i'm sorry,	you have to let them in, randy
you have to let them in, randy	there isn't enough food for more people up here!
there isn't enough food for more people up here!	oh god
oh god	this isn't happening!
this isn't happening!	all right all right, fine! 
all right all right, fine! 	could you spare some change, sir?
could you spare some change, sir?	harrrh!
harrrh!	i've dissected several homeless to see what make them tick
i've dissected several homeless to see what make them tick	change?
change?	they feed on our change
they feed on our change	is that
is that	somehow they're able to take
somehow they're able to take	spare some of that change, sir?
spare some of that change, sir?	but now watch
but now watch	spare some change?
spare some change?	it has already completely forgotten that i've given it change
it has already completely forgotten that i've given it change	chaaaaange?
chaaaaange?	what's it doing?
what's it doing?	it's dying
it's dying	cool
cool	i've learned that the nearby city of evergreen had a homeless
i've learned that the nearby city of evergreen had a homeless	excuse me, the front door was open
excuse me, the front door was open	oh my god, they're coming in!  quick kids, get out of here! you
oh my god, they're coming in!  quick kids, get out of here! you	what about you?
what about you?	get to evergreen and find out how they got rid of the homeless!
get to evergreen and find out how they got rid of the homeless!	eh! stop pushing, kenny
eh! stop pushing, kenny	hello?  i i'm sorry, i just really need some change for the bus?
hello?  i i'm sorry, i just really need some change for the bus?	change?
change?	spare some change?
spare some change?	change?
change?	stop it! i really do need change!
stop it! i really do need change!	me too
me too	change?  hello? do you have any change?
change?  hello? do you have any change?	chaaange?
chaaange?	sorry to take the easy way out
sorry to take the easy way out	no
no	no
no	face it, we're gonna starve!
face it, we're gonna starve!	no, no wait, there's still a box over here
no, no wait, there's still a box over here	those are cherry! ich!
those are cherry! ich!	wait, i got a signal! i got a signal
wait, i got a signal! i got a signal	what? you do?
what? you do?	how? call the fire department
how? call the fire department	i'm calling my wife!  mary
i'm calling my wife!  mary	oh, maybe we're gonna be okay
oh, maybe we're gonna be okay	ask her what's happening
ask her what's happening	mary, what's goin' on out there? nobody's coming for us
mary, what's goin' on out there? nobody's coming for us	what happened, glen?
what happened, glen?	there's no help coming! she said
there's no help coming! she said	randy, what are you doing?
randy, what are you doing?	he's homeless now
he's homeless now	i'm not like them
i'm not like them	not yet
not yet	and what are you gonna do, huh? just blow his head off?
and what are you gonna do, huh? just blow his head off?	if we have to! siddown glen!
if we have to! siddown glen!	randy, you can't just-
randy, you can't just-	sit
sit	this is crazy
this is crazy	what the hell happened here? 
what the hell happened here? 	that's far enough! just march your butts right back out of our
that's far enough! just march your butts right back out of our	we, just came to ask a question
we, just came to ask a question	you homeless or homeowners?
you homeless or homeowners?	we're nine
we're nine	yeah? well that makes you homeless, so get out of here before
yeah? well that makes you homeless, so get out of here before	look, we just need help with our own homeless problem
look, we just need help with our own homeless problem	yeah
yeah	shut up, cartman!
shut up, cartman!	cartman? eric cartman? the kid who jumped thirty homeless
cartman? eric cartman? the kid who jumped thirty homeless	youu heard about that?
youu heard about that?	heard about it? they said you could have easily cleared fifty
heard about it? they said you could have easily cleared fifty	thirty was hard enough
thirty was hard enough	oh god! it wasn't thirty, it was one! he jumped over one
oh god! it wasn't thirty, it was one! he jumped over one	kyle, knock it off! we're here to find out how to get rid of
kyle, knock it off! we're here to find out how to get rid of	please, we just want you to tell us how you got rid of the
please, we just want you to tell us how you got rid of the	well, that was easy
well, that was easy	the homeless first started arriving in evergreen about three
the homeless first started arriving in evergreen about three	you son of a bitch
you son of a bitch	that's right, yes
that's right, yes	what?
what?	i knew it! it wasn't because i gave that guy twenty dollars!
i knew it! it wasn't because i gave that guy twenty dollars!	and it was texas who sent them to us! people in san antonio got
and it was texas who sent them to us! people in san antonio got	but then you didn't solve the problem, you just moved it!
but then you didn't solve the problem, you just moved it!	right
right	dehhhnyihhhs! 
dehhhnyihhhs! 	christine!
christine!	you sonothatitch! you tried to kinn me!
you sonothatitch! you tried to kinn me!	i had to, christine, you were homeless
i had to, christine, you were homeless	no, i wasn't honeless yeh stukid asshole!
no, i wasn't honeless yeh stukid asshole!	christine, i can't understand you
christine, i can't understand you	yeah! gecause you durned my yits oth!
yeah! gecause you durned my yits oth!	i nurned your rip sauce?
i nurned your rip sauce?	no! you durned my yits oth!
no! you durned my yits oth!	i have no idea what you're saying!  ow! 
i have no idea what you're saying!  ow! 	dude, our parents are just as stupid as these people, our town
dude, our parents are just as stupid as these people, our town	no it isn't
no it isn't	no no, we're not having cartman jump any more homeless people,
no no, we're not having cartman jump any more homeless people,	that isn't my idea! i saw a bus in a garage a couple of blocks
that isn't my idea! i saw a bus in a garage a couple of blocks	(what are you gonna do?)
(what are you gonna do?)	we're gonna save our parents before they all kill each other!
we're gonna save our parents before they all kill each other!	a bus! a bus is coming!
a bus! a bus is coming!	it's the boys! they've modified a bus to get us out of here!
it's the boys! they've modified a bus to get us out of here!	i knew they'd come back for us!
i knew they'd come back for us!	all right!
all right!	yeah
yeah	look, glen
look, glen	all right, i'm turning around
all right, i'm turning around	why are they turning?
why are they turning?	what are they doing?  don't leave us!
what are they doing?  don't leave us!	all right, hit it
all right, hit it	let's hope to christ this works
let's hope to christ this works	california love
california love	california
california	is nice to the homelesscalifornianiasupercool to the homeless
is nice to the homelesscalifornianiasupercool to the homeless	in the city
in the city	city of santa monicalots of rich peoplegiving change to the
city of santa monicalots of rich peoplegiving change to the	chaaange? 
chaaange? 	in the city
in the city	city of brentwoodthey take really good careof all their homeless
city of brentwoodthey take really good careof all their homeless	they're listening
they're listening	in the city
in the city	marina del reythey're so nice to the homelessbuilt them
marina del reythey're so nice to the homelessbuilt them	they're
they're	we're gonna be all right!
we're gonna be all right!	oh glen! we made it!
oh glen! we made it!	california supercool to the homeless
california supercool to the homeless	cha-a-ange?
cha-a-ange?	californiania idn't on the tona
californiania idn't on the tona	in the city
in the city	city of veniceright by matt's houseyou can chill if you're
city of veniceright by matt's houseyou can chill if you're	eughuhuh
eughuhuh	yes! that's three homeless! suck on that! fuck yeah! 
yes! that's three homeless! suck on that! fuck yeah! 	honestly, i don't know what you see in this, kyle
honestly, i don't know what you see in this, kyle	big ring slammer
big ring slammer	cock! 
cock! 	the black jackal
the black jackal	asshole! cock! asshole, shit, shit cock! 
asshole! cock! asshole, shit, shit cock! 	ma'am, is that your son over there?
ma'am, is that your son over there?	yes, i'm sorry
yes, i'm sorry	tourette's syndrome?
tourette's syndrome?	it's a neurological disorder
it's a neurological disorder	oh
oh	shiit!  dumb shiiit!
shiit!  dumb shiiit!	a-alright thomas, maybe we should go?
a-alright thomas, maybe we should go?	all right mom- bitch! ass bitch!
all right mom- bitch! ass bitch!	here, let's buy you a nice toy to take home
here, let's buy you a nice toy to take home	dude, that mom is kewl
dude, that mom is kewl	cocknut! augh
cocknut! augh	are you talkin' to me?!
are you talkin' to me?!	no
no	what's your problem, kid?!
what's your problem, kid?!	oh, a-i'm sorry
oh, a-i'm sorry	what?
what?	mom, let's just go
mom, let's just go	people with tourette's can't control certain tics
people with tourette's can't control certain tics	asshole asshole
asshole asshole	wait waitwait whoa whoa whoa
wait waitwait whoa whoa whoa	mom, can we just go home, please?
mom, can we just go home, please?	it's okay, thomas
it's okay, thomas	i want tuh go!  shitfag!
i want tuh go!  shitfag!	poor kid
poor kid	yeah
yeah	all right, hold on just a second here: are you telling me that
all right, hold on just a second here: are you telling me that	it's a neurological disorder; he can't help it
it's a neurological disorder; he can't help it	yeah! 
yeah! 	twinkle in my eye
twinkle in my eye	hey don't you wanna buy that toy?
hey don't you wanna buy that toy?	i don't need the toy! i've found something better!  'cause i've
i don't need the toy! i've found something better!  'cause i've	it started about four days ago, doctor, and every day he seems
it started about four days ago, doctor, and every day he seems	puh- pussy!
puh- pussy!	oh
oh	pussy! cock! shit! 
pussy! cock! shit! 	oh dear
oh dear	tourette's syndrome? what is that, mommy
tourette's syndrome? what is that, mommy	that doesn't seem likely
that doesn't seem likely	
	
	oh wuh, well that's it! shithead! asshole! mexican sticky balls!
oh wuh, well that's it! shithead! asshole! mexican sticky balls!	oh doctor, can you help him?
oh doctor, can you help him?	we don't know very much about tourette's i'm afraid
we don't know very much about tourette's i'm afraid	but what about school, doctor? the teachers and the principal,
but what about school, doctor? the teachers and the principal,	don't worry, young man
don't worry, young man	ohohh, that's awesome
ohohh, that's awesome	shit! butthole!  hey wendy
shit! butthole!  hey wendy	dude, you'd better watch it
dude, you'd better watch it	uh, good morning, principal victoria
uh, good morning, principal victoria	good morning, eric
good morning, eric	did cartman just say "shitballs" to the principal?
did cartman just say "shitballs" to the principal?	huhyou didn't hear? well cartman has some, mental disease
huhyou didn't hear? well cartman has some, mental disease	what?
what?	he's the luckiest kid in the world
he's the luckiest kid in the world	uh excuse me, excuse me everyone i, i guess you might have
uh excuse me, excuse me everyone i, i guess you might have	it's okay, eric
it's okay, eric	he's faking
he's faking	ahahahaha, ayah- excuse me everyone, i need to have a moment
ahahahaha, ayah- excuse me everyone, i need to have a moment	you do not have tourette's syndrome, fatass!
you do not have tourette's syndrome, fatass!	
	who cares about saying whatever you-?
who cares about saying whatever you-?	of course, if you want to be sergeant buzzkill once again, and
of course, if you want to be sergeant buzzkill once again, and	grrhh, whatever
grrhh, whatever	good morning, mr
good morning, mr	if i could say "asspussy" to the counselor i would be sooo
if i could say "asspussy" to the counselor i would be sooo	okay, so what do we get when we multiply a negative number-?
okay, so what do we get when we multiply a negative number-?	dicktits!
dicktits!	-when we multiply a negative number by another negative-?
-when we multiply a negative number by another negative-?	shit! asshole!  'scuse me
shit! asshole!  'scuse me	ih if we apply what we've just learned, we see that all
ih if we apply what we've just learned, we see that all	spooge, balls, bloody
spooge, balls, bloody	all right kids, let's just try to focus on learning, okay?  now
all right kids, let's just try to focus on learning, okay?  now	tampon! tampon dickshit!
tampon! tampon dickshit!	will you knock it off already?!
will you knock it off already?!	kyle, don't you think i wish i could? i'd give anything to be
kyle, don't you think i wish i could? i'd give anything to be	don't push me, asshole!
don't push me, asshole!	kyle, watch your language! 
kyle, watch your language! 	if i could yell "tampon dickshit" in the classroom i'd be sooo
if i could yell "tampon dickshit" in the classroom i'd be sooo	principal victoria, it's just that eric has become such a
principal victoria, it's just that eric has become such a	i understand it's been difficult, mrs
i understand it's been difficult, mrs	hello mrs
hello mrs	no! up yours, fatboy!
no! up yours, fatboy!	kyle please! i'm sorry!
kyle please! i'm sorry!	principal victoria, there's something you need to know!
principal victoria, there's something you need to know!	faking?  you think people with tourette's are faking?!
faking?  you think people with tourette's are faking?!	n-no, i'm just saying that i think-
n-no, i'm just saying that i think-	do you have any idea how horrible that is to say?  ass! ass! 
do you have any idea how horrible that is to say?  ass! ass! 	that's right, kyle
that's right, kyle	this is the kind of intolerance you teach at this school,
this is the kind of intolerance you teach at this school,	no
no	this if you wouldn't mind, i'd like to take this "bully" to see
this if you wouldn't mind, i'd like to take this "bully" to see	kids, today during therapy class we have a special visitor
kids, today during therapy class we have a special visitor	tourette's is like a cough or a sneeze
tourette's is like a cough or a sneeze	a lot of people with tourette's have different tics
a lot of people with tourette's have different tics	aw shit! cock!
aw shit! cock!	sometimes it can be embarrassing to have tourette's, but i 
sometimes it can be embarrassing to have tourette's, but i 	you see? these kids can't control their actions
you see? these kids can't control their actions	l-look, i was just suggesting that maybe this one person could
l-look, i was just suggesting that maybe this one person could	fun?  brrrrr!  this really isn't all that fun
fun?  brrrrr!  this really isn't all that fun	aw shit!
aw shit!	boop
boop	piiiss, coming from my aaass!
piiiss, coming from my aaass!	yee-you wanna know about fun? going to public places knowing
yee-you wanna know about fun? going to public places knowing	dude
dude	your mom would not be better off if you were dead, thomas
your mom would not be better off if you were dead, thomas	aw, come on!
aw, come on!	so then you apologize for what you said before?
so then you apologize for what you said before?	ah i was just trying to
ah i was just trying to	well, mr
well, mr	our son is a good kid
our son is a good kid	well, i think the only thing left now is for your son to
well, i think the only thing left now is for your son to	well kyle?
well kyle?	i'm sorry
i'm sorry	oh, what was that? i i couldn't quite make that out, kyle
oh, what was that? i i couldn't quite make that out, kyle	i'm sorry
i'm sorry	you're starry? i i don't get what you mean by that, kyle
you're starry? i i don't get what you mean by that, kyle	i said i'm sorry, you piece of sh- 
i said i'm sorry, you piece of sh- 	oh, oh, no, don't worry about it, kyle
oh, oh, no, don't worry about it, kyle	oh, thank you eric
oh, thank you eric	thank you
thank you	well i think we can all put this behind us now
well i think we can all put this behind us now	yeah
yeah	next week on dateline nbc: it's a dateline special report
next week on dateline nbc: it's a dateline special report	i'm chris hansen
i'm chris hansen	go ahead and take a seat
go ahead and take a seat	oh god, whoa no
oh god, whoa no	what are you doin' here?
what are you doin' here?	i'm just' bein' stupid, i guess
i'm just' bein' stupid, i guess	but now we're switching our focus from pedophiles to tourette's
but now we're switching our focus from pedophiles to tourette's	dear mr
dear mr	this saturday on dateline i'll be bringing you eric's story,
this saturday on dateline i'll be bringing you eric's story,	living with tourette's: the eric cartman story
living with tourette's: the eric cartman story	finally, my wish of going public with my illness can come true
finally, my wish of going public with my illness can come true	hello, kyle
hello, kyle	what's this about you going on live television on saturday?!
what's this about you going on live television on saturday?!	yes
yes	cartman, there are people in the world who really have
cartman, there are people in the world who really have	not funny? i have free rein to say anything i want and you get
not funny? i have free rein to say anything i want and you get	
	kyle i've won! no matter how you look at it! i've managed not
kyle i've won! no matter how you look at it! i've managed not	you are not going to go on national television and spew a bunch
you are not going to go on national television and spew a bunch	then the game is on, kyle
then the game is on, kyle	it's not a game, you derelict! and this isn't scotch! it's
it's not a game, you derelict! and this isn't scotch! it's	do you have any idea how liberating it is to say whatever comes
do you have any idea how liberating it is to say whatever comes	what did you say?
what did you say?	uhh nuh-nothing
uhh nuh-nothing	you aren't gonna get away with this you stupid asshole! 
you aren't gonna get away with this you stupid asshole! 	hm
hm	we are here today to congratulate a brave little boy
we are here today to congratulate a brave little boy	the spokesman for tourette's? oh no
the spokesman for tourette's? oh no	thanks, everybody
thanks, everybody	if i could say "titty sprinkles" on national television i would
if i could say "titty sprinkles" on national television i would	and i also just want to say that
and i also just want to say that	uhit's okay, eric
uhit's okay, eric	no hey ut what, what i meant to say was "asslicker cumballs
no hey ut what, what i meant to say was "asslicker cumballs	eewwww!
eewwww!	uhuh, excuse me i, i need a toilet! bathroom! bathroom! 
uhuh, excuse me i, i need a toilet! bathroom! bathroom! 	uh hey eric!
uh hey eric!	butters, do you think it's possible that you can lose the
butters, do you think it's possible that you can lose the	wuh who are you talking about?
wuh who are you talking about?	uh, my cousin
uh, my cousin	you
you	i didn't say that yes i did but why? oh! stop it! 
i didn't say that yes i did but why? oh! stop it! 	excuse me! excuse me, i need to go! i gotta run!
excuse me! excuse me, i need to go! i gotta run!	is there a problem, sweetie?
is there a problem, sweetie?	no, no problem
no, no problem	well all right eric
well all right eric	dateline
dateline	tonight, an inside look at tourette's syndrooome
tonight, an inside look at tourette's syndrooome	ah, mr
ah, mr	why not?
why not?	my uh, my grandma just died, so i have to go to memphis- that's
my uh, my grandma just died, so i have to go to memphis- that's	why don't you have a seat?
why don't you have a seat?	no i just need to get home
no i just need to get home	go ahead and take a seat
go ahead and take a seat	but i'm not gonna do the-
but i'm not gonna do the-	take a seat, right over there
take a seat, right over there	i'm, i'm telling you that i'm not doing the show?
i'm, i'm telling you that i'm not doing the show?	but you are doing the show
but you are doing the show	you don't understand! all of a sudden, i can't control what i
you don't understand! all of a sudden, i can't control what i	well of course you can't control what you say
well of course you can't control what you say	no! my tourette's has gotten worse! before i just blurted out
no! my tourette's has gotten worse! before i just blurted out	why don't you take a seat?
why don't you take a seat?	oh, i don't wanna take a seat!
oh, i don't wanna take a seat!	have a seat
have a seat	no, i'm just gonna go- 
no, i'm just gonna go- 	take a seat, right over there
take a seat, right over there	how does he do that?
how does he do that?	you know, one tiiime, i was doin' a show called "to catch a
you know, one tiiime, i was doin' a show called "to catch a	live, from our satellite studio in colorado
live, from our satellite studio in colorado	tonight, an inside look at tourette's syndrome
tonight, an inside look at tourette's syndrome	five minutes, kid
five minutes, kid	jesus christ
jesus christ	tango, this is foxtrot
tango, this is foxtrot	copy foxtrot
copy foxtrot	you sure you don't wanna back out?
you sure you don't wanna back out?	nono, you were right
nono, you were right	all right, then we go with the plan
all right, then we go with the plan	hi, are you cutebilly182?
hi, are you cutebilly182?	yeah
yeah	oh god, i'm so turned on right now
oh god, i'm so turned on right now	n-no, it's cool
n-no, it's cool	okay
okay	so now let's meet a child who haaas tourette's syndrooome, and
so now let's meet a child who haaas tourette's syndrooome, and	ho, whoa, wait a minute
ho, whoa, wait a minute	what are you doing?!
what are you doing?!	chris hansen?! oh no, it's a setup! i knew it!
chris hansen?! oh no, it's a setup! i knew it!	sir, why don't you take a seat, right over there
sir, why don't you take a seat, right over there	now everyone's gonna know i'm a perv! whoa! 
now everyone's gonna know i'm a perv! whoa! 	aw, not again
aw, not again	kyle?
kyle?	surprise, fatass!
surprise, fatass!	kyle, what are you doing?
kyle, what are you doing?	i went online posing as a boy who would have sex with older
i went online posing as a boy who would have sex with older	hey, i brought you some wendy's
hey, i brought you some wendy's	yeah yeah, go on in
yeah yeah, go on in	score! 
score! 	oh no, it's chris hansen! 
oh no, it's chris hansen! 	whoa! who is that? what's going on?
whoa! who is that? what's going on?	what the hell is going on?!
what the hell is going on?!	wait a minute
wait a minute	chris hansen! 
chris hansen! 	dateline?! 
dateline?! 	i knew it! 
i knew it! 	there aren't really brownies! 
there aren't really brownies! 	hey! do you have something to do with this? answer meee!
hey! do you have something to do with this? answer meee!	stupid shit! cock! 
stupid shit! cock! 	what?! nobody talks to me like that! why don't you take a seat?
what?! nobody talks to me like that! why don't you take a seat?	suck it! asshole licker dickfart!
suck it! asshole licker dickfart!	fine, you lil- i'll, i'll tell on you! 
fine, you lil- i'll, i'll tell on you! 	wow, you're the coolest kid in the world
wow, you're the coolest kid in the world	you would?
you would?	could i just like, hang out with you sometime? like, do your
could i just like, hang out with you sometime? like, do your	take a look, fatass! i beat you! you aren't going on dateline;
take a look, fatass! i beat you! you aren't going on dateline;	oh thank you! thank you kyle!
oh thank you! thank you kyle!	what?
what?	i asked god to send someone to help me, and you came, kyle! i
i asked god to send someone to help me, and you came, kyle! i	no, i- i beat you!
no, i- i beat you!	you totally saved my ass, kyle
you totally saved my ass, kyle	aww shit!
aww shit!	well, there's no doubt in my mind, mr
well, there's no doubt in my mind, mr	thanks for the news flash! i haven't taken a crap in over three
thanks for the news flash! i haven't taken a crap in over three	well, what food have you been eating?
well, what food have you been eating?	p
p	i'm going to prescribe a laxative
i'm going to prescribe a laxative	how painful is "painful"?
how painful is "painful"?	oh god
oh god	what is it, randy? do you have any-  oh!  randy!
what is it, randy? do you have any-  oh!  randy!	will you look at that? is that the biggest crap you've ever
will you look at that? is that the biggest crap you've ever	flush the toilet for christ's sake!
flush the toilet for christ's sake!	come on! that's pretty impressive!  wha-hey stan! stan, look at
come on! that's pretty impressive!  wha-hey stan! stan, look at	randy!
randy!	look what your old man made
look what your old man made	no way!
no way!	huh? never seen one that big, have you?
huh? never seen one that big, have you?	no, never
no, never	gross, dad, sick! 
gross, dad, sick! 	all right, will you flush the toilet now?! 
all right, will you flush the toilet now?! 	i'll try, but i don't think-  wait wait wait wait a minute
i'll try, but i don't think-  wait wait wait wait a minute	why?!
why?!	well he's gotta see this
well he's gotta see this	no, we are flushing the toilet right now-
no, we are flushing the toilet right now-	no! jimbo has to see it so when i tell the guys how big it was,
no! jimbo has to see it so when i tell the guys how big it was,	oh, for the love of god, randy! 
oh, for the love of god, randy! 	sharon, this is important! stan, go call your uncle jimbo
sharon, this is important! stan, go call your uncle jimbo	hey guys!
hey guys!	hey randy
hey randy	oh, hey randy
oh, hey randy	are you feelin' better?
are you feelin' better?	yeah, i-naw, i'm totally fine now
yeah, i-naw, i'm totally fine now	you guys shoulda seen the crap randy took last night! it was
you guys shoulda seen the crap randy took last night! it was	well i don't know about ever
well i don't know about ever	i'm tellin' you this thing was the size of a freakin' football
i'm tellin' you this thing was the size of a freakin' football	i guess it was pretty big
i guess it was pretty big	a football? that's amazing
a football? that's amazing	i've never heard of one that big
i've never heard of one that big	oh, my brother took a crap once, that was enormous
oh, my brother took a crap once, that was enormous	it wasn't bigger than mine was
it wasn't bigger than mine was	oh no, seriously, this crap was a monster! 
oh no, seriously, this crap was a monster! 	mine
mine	i doubt it
i doubt it	you wanna see it?
you wanna see it?	oh my freaking lord
oh my freaking lord	that did not seriously come out of your ass
that did not seriously come out of your ass	oh yes, it did
oh yes, it did	jesus
jesus	that uh, a little bigger than your brother's there, gerald?
that uh, a little bigger than your brother's there, gerald?	it's
it's	randy, have you called the people from the guinness book of
randy, have you called the people from the guinness book of	that's why i gotta make sure to keep it safe
that's why i gotta make sure to keep it safe	randy marsh!
randy marsh!	aw crap!
aw crap!	what the hell do you think you're doing keeping that thing in
what the hell do you think you're doing keeping that thing in	the guys agree, sharon: it could be a record holder
the guys agree, sharon: it could be a record holder	why are men so obsessed with how big their crap is?!
why are men so obsessed with how big their crap is?!	guinness world records america
guinness world records america	uhh yes, hello
uhh yes, hello	you need to call the european fecal standards and measurements
you need to call the european fecal standards and measurements	herr president, take a look at this
herr president, take a look at this	very niiice
very niiice	it appears to be legitimate, based on the photo
it appears to be legitimate, based on the photo	we'd better get on a plane
we'd better get on a plane	hm, enshnusen?
hm, enshnusen?	verron snusunarich
verron snusunarich	what was your primary diet for this poo, mr
what was your primary diet for this poo, mr	uhh, mostly p
uhh, mostly p	i believe i detect some cabbage as well?
i believe i detect some cabbage as well?	ohh yes, i had a lot of kim chee
ohh yes, i had a lot of kim chee	you have got to be kidding me
you have got to be kidding me	these guys are from zurich, sharon! they're europeans! 
these guys are from zurich, sharon! they're europeans! 	it is a tremendous crap, mr
it is a tremendous crap, mr	for the love of god!
for the love of god!	your crap officially weighs
your crap officially weighs	courics
courics	the standard measuring unit for human feces
the standard measuring unit for human feces	the current record is a crap weighing 7
the current record is a crap weighing 7	but that means
but that means	that's right
that's right	really?! yuh, you mean, really?!  hey stan! i uh- hey sharon!
really?! yuh, you mean, really?!  hey stan! i uh- hey sharon!	well, i guess we'd better call the old champion and let him
well, i guess we'd better call the old champion and let him	he has won twenty-two grammy's, countless humanitarian awards,
he has won twenty-two grammy's, countless humanitarian awards,	thank you
thank you	yes, bono, sir, we wish to inform you that your record for
yes, bono, sir, we wish to inform you that your record for	what?! that's impossible! how big was it?
what?! that's impossible! how big was it?	we are here to honor the first american to bring home the
we are here to honor the first american to bring home the	hey look, sharon, it's the president! he-hey sharon!
hey look, sharon, it's the president! he-hey sharon!	to present the award i give you the dean of the efsm, sir
to present the award i give you the dean of the efsm, sir	thank you, senator
thank you, senator	herr broloff! herr broloff! 
herr broloff! herr broloff! 	das shpoitenhoff?  ahhh ladies and gentlemen, i understand we
das shpoitenhoff?  ahhh ladies and gentlemen, i understand we	oh! bono? cool!
oh! bono? cool!	could we play the tape on the big screen, please?
could we play the tape on the big screen, please?	hello everyone! i, am bono
hello everyone! i, am bono	whoa!
whoa!	bono?! 
bono?! 	as you can see, it is one solid piece
as you can see, it is one solid piece	you heard it, ladies and gentlemen! the official biggest crap
you heard it, ladies and gentlemen! the official biggest crap	bo-no! woo-ooo!
bo-no! woo-ooo!	dad, um, i think dinner's almost ready
dad, um, i think dinner's almost ready	i almost did it
i almost did it	gee, thanks a lot, dad
gee, thanks a lot, dad	you're welcome
you're welcome	come on guys, lasagna's ready
come on guys, lasagna's ready	oh
oh	what are you talking about?
what are you talking about?	you can say it, sharon! i know bono's better than me! i'm sorry
you can say it, sharon! i know bono's better than me! i'm sorry	randy, this is ridiculous!
randy, this is ridiculous!	oh, that's real mature, sharon! just act like everything's
oh, that's real mature, sharon! just act like everything's	can you believe him?! all this over what guy took the biggest
can you believe him?! all this over what guy took the biggest	you don't understand, mom
you don't understand, mom	wha? wha?
wha? wha?	how come they just let that bono guy send a picture of his crap?
how come they just let that bono guy send a picture of his crap?	'cause he's bono, that's why
'cause he's bono, that's why	but he could have faked it
but he could have faked it	doesn't matter
doesn't matter	oh yes there is! you could do it again!
oh yes there is! you could do it again!	what?
what?	think about it: you weren't even trying to take the biggest
think about it: you weren't even trying to take the biggest	hey
hey	nooo
nooo	come on, randy
come on, randy	with the right diet and training, who knows what you're capable
with the right diet and training, who knows what you're capable	guys, forget it! it's over! it was a fluke crap; i'll never
guys, forget it! it's over! it was a fluke crap; i'll never	is it over, randy?! we all saw that crap you took! that was no
is it over, randy?! we all saw that crap you took! that was no	i would need a lot of help
i would need a lot of help	that's what we're here for
that's what we're here for	come on, randy, what do you say?!
come on, randy, what do you say?!	i say
i say	tonight, a possible attack on iran may mean the beginning of a
tonight, a possible attack on iran may mean the beginning of a	oh no
oh no	but first, the record for the world's biggest crap: will it
but first, the record for the world's biggest crap: will it	agh!
agh!	randy marsh of colorado is now three weeks into his quest to
randy marsh of colorado is now three weeks into his quest to	is this really newsworthy?
is this really newsworthy?	you just don't understand
you just don't understand	you're right
you're right	at the same time, some people are questioning bono's current
at the same time, some people are questioning bono's current	hello, hello
hello, hello	marsh is attempting to break the record again
marsh is attempting to break the record again	he can't beat my nine and a half courics!
he can't beat my nine and a half courics!	well he's going to try
well he's going to try	fine, but he has to take the crap in front of you! in zurich
fine, but he has to take the crap in front of you! in zurich	bono, we've never had that rule before
bono, we've never had that rule before	i's the only way you can know 'e's not cheating! if he doesn't
i's the only way you can know 'e's not cheating! if he doesn't	ultrasound is very simple, mr
ultrasound is very simple, mr	oooooo
oooooo	okay, take a deep breath
okay, take a deep breath	fourteen?! 
fourteen?! 	that's great, randy!
that's great, randy!	can i, can i see it?
can i, can i see it?	sure
sure	ahhh
ahhh	guys, we have a problem!  i talked to the efsm and they say
guys, we have a problem!  i talked to the efsm and they say	in zurich?
in zurich?	they say that bono is demanding it and that their hands are
they say that bono is demanding it and that their hands are	i'm sorry mr
i'm sorry mr	hi, could i speak with mr
hi, could i speak with mr	mr
mr	get the jet ready, bovis! i've got to be going
get the jet ready, bovis! i've got to be going	hi, my name is stan marsh
hi, my name is stan marsh	oh right
oh right	that's kind of what i'm here for: do you really need the
that's kind of what i'm here for: do you really need the	let him have it? why would i do that?!
let him have it? why would i do that?!	look, you you gotta understand, sir
look, you you gotta understand, sir	i have the first-place trophy for that
i have the first-place trophy for that	dude, don't you have enough? i mean, you got tons of money, a
dude, don't you have enough? i mean, you got tons of money, a	i want people to know that i'm worth something
i want people to know that i'm worth something	all i'm asking is that maybe with this one thing, let my dad be
all i'm asking is that maybe with this one thing, let my dad be	number two?! number two?! 
number two?! number two?! 	agh!
agh!	nobody calls me that anymore and gets away with it! take it
nobody calls me that anymore and gets away with it! take it	i take it back!
i take it back!	say i'm not number two!
say i'm not number two!	you're not number two!
you're not number two!	that's right! i'm not! 
that's right! i'm not! 	what is wrong with that guy?
what is wrong with that guy?	your father is in grave danger
your father is in grave danger	it must be quite a crap
it must be quite a crap	come on, randy
come on, randy	what are you saying?! how do you know my dad is gonna die?!
what are you saying?! how do you know my dad is gonna die?!	because nobody has ever taken a crap that big before!
because nobody has ever taken a crap that big before!	so bono's newest record is a lie!
so bono's newest record is a lie!	look, i first knew something was wrong when i looked at bono's
look, i first knew something was wrong when i looked at bono's	so?
so?	so that's the year bono was born
so that's the year bono was born	he's the record
he's the record	yes
yes	i can't do it! i can't do it!
i can't do it! i can't do it!	the crap is simply too big, mr
the crap is simply too big, mr	but then, does it still count?
but then, does it still count?	oh no! the biggest crap means you crapped it out!
oh no! the biggest crap means you crapped it out!	i believe that's true
i believe that's true	no
no	there there randy, you
there there randy, you	i want my wife
i want my wife	what?!
what?!	i'm sorry, sharon
i'm sorry, sharon	well congratulations, bono, it appears your record is intact
well congratulations, bono, it appears your record is intact	i had a feeling it would be
i had a feeling it would be	wait! stop! dad, your old crap counts
wait! stop! dad, your old crap counts	get him out of here!
get him out of here!	what are you talking about, young man?
what are you talking about, young man?	somebody's been keeping it a secret
somebody's been keeping it a secret	it's not true! kill the kid! i want him dead!
it's not true! kill the kid! i want him dead!	it's too late, bono
it's too late, bono	herr broloff, what do you know of this?
herr broloff, what do you know of this?	it's true, i'm afraid
it's true, i'm afraid	poppa no! say nothing more!
poppa no! say nothing more!	come to me my
come to me my	no poppa
no poppa	there there, my little crap
there there, my little crap	dude
dude	i kept the crap in my office, nursed it, fed it biddy
i kept the crap in my office, nursed it, fed it biddy	biddy
biddy	my little crap has accomplished many things
my little crap has accomplished many things	that's why he's able to do so much, try to help so many people,
that's why he's able to do so much, try to help so many people,	you have blemished this noble society's good name, herr broloff
you have blemished this noble society's good name, herr broloff	have i?!  look at the crap i took all those years ago! bono is
have i?!  look at the crap i took all those years ago! bono is	oh god, here it comes!  ohhh hot hot hot hot! hottt hot hot hot
oh god, here it comes!  ohhh hot hot hot hot! hottt hot hot hot	my god
my god	it must be over a hundred courics!
it must be over a hundred courics!	dad, are you all right?
dad, are you all right?	yeah, i'm
yeah, i'm	mr
mr	all right, let's try over here
all right, let's try over here	this is so retarded, cartman
this is so retarded, cartman	it isn't a story, it's true! i saw a leprechaun
it isn't a story, it's true! i saw a leprechaun	this is hawk eyes
this is hawk eyes	copy that, hawk eyes
copy that, hawk eyes	just admit you were lying, cartman, so that everyone can go
just admit you were lying, cartman, so that everyone can go	o-ho no! we have a deal, kyle! if i can prove there's a
o-ho no! we have a deal, kyle! if i can prove there's a	
	code names are what they are, blackie! check your six and alert
code names are what they are, blackie! check your six and alert	this is fucking retarded!
this is fucking retarded!	hahaha, getting nervous, kyle? when that leprechauns shows up
hahaha, getting nervous, kyle? when that leprechauns shows up	yeah, and if you couldn't prove there was a leprechaun, you
yeah, and if you couldn't prove there was a leprechaun, you	goddammit, why hasn't it shown up yet?  dragon wind to faggot!
goddammit, why hasn't it shown up yet?  dragon wind to faggot!	this is faggot
this is faggot	faggot i need you to keep surveillance north to north east
faggot i need you to keep surveillance north to north east	okay, will do
okay, will do	okay, that's enough
okay, that's enough	it was here, i swear it! i don't know why it's not showin' up
it was here, i swear it! i don't know why it's not showin' up	you didn't see a leprechaun, fatass! if you could prove it, i
you didn't see a leprechaun, fatass! if you could prove it, i	uh, i got somethin'! i got it!  it's uh
uh, i got somethin'! i got it!  it's uh	set off diversion track c! 
set off diversion track c! 	dude
dude	fuh, fuck me, it's a leprechaun
fuh, fuck me, it's a leprechaun	get it!  get that fucking leprechaun! i want it alive! 
get it!  get that fucking leprechaun! i want it alive! 	wow
wow	cool
cool	no way
no way	whoa
whoa	wow
wow	eugh! uh, move aside! move aside! all right, butthole, where's
eugh! uh, move aside! move aside! all right, butthole, where's	you lads don't know what you're doin'
you lads don't know what you're doin'	tell me where the gold is or you die!  slow! 
tell me where the gold is or you die!  slow! 	where'd he go? 
where'd he go? 	i was sent to warn of a terrorist attack, but you boys have
i was sent to warn of a terrorist attack, but you boys have	dude
dude	kyle, suck my balls
kyle, suck my balls	dad, where do leprechauns come from?
dad, where do leprechauns come from?	from ireland
from ireland	so
so	kyle, leprechauns aren't real
kyle, leprechauns aren't real	i thought i did
i thought i did	ohhh, ms
ohhh, ms	oh,hello eric
oh,hello eric	hello, mr
hello, mr	get out of here, cartman, we're eating dinner!
get out of here, cartman, we're eating dinner!	uhh, kyle, i believe a certain someone is supposed to put a
uhh, kyle, i believe a certain someone is supposed to put a	i'm not doing it, fatass!
i'm not doing it, fatass!	doing what?
doing what?	we had a deal, kyle!
we had a deal, kyle!	just get out of here!
just get out of here!	you signed an agreement, kyle!!
you signed an agreement, kyle!!	i don't care if i signed an agreement!
i don't care if i signed an agreement!	ah hey now kyle, if you made a deal with somebody, you have to
ah hey now kyle, if you made a deal with somebody, you have to	thank you, mr
thank you, mr	what was the agreement?
what was the agreement?	that if he could prove leprechauns exist, i would suck his
that if he could prove leprechauns exist, i would suck his	whatwhatwhat?!
whatwhatwhat?!	and there was a leprechaun! you saw it, kyle!!
and there was a leprechaun! you saw it, kyle!!	hey dudes
hey dudes	hey kyle
hey kyle	how was what?
how was what?	sucking cartman's b-balls
sucking cartman's b-balls	i didn't suck his balls, all right?! and i'm not going to!
i didn't suck his balls, all right?! and i'm not going to!	dude, why did you ever agree to suck his balls in the first
dude, why did you ever agree to suck his balls in the first	uch, i didn't think there would actually be a leprechaun! and i
uch, i didn't think there would actually be a leprechaun! and i	excuse me
excuse me	
	ooooo, then you did see him
ooooo, then you did see him	all right i've had enough! leprechauns are imaginary!
all right i've had enough! leprechauns are imaginary!	well of course they are
well of course they are	who the hell are you?
who the hell are you?	still not convinced, eh? i tell you what, boys
still not convinced, eh? i tell you what, boys	dude
dude	hop aboard, kids
hop aboard, kids	uhhh, are you gonna rape us?
uhhh, are you gonna rape us?	ubeuh
ubeuh	ah, all right then
ah, all right then	come on, guys
come on, guys	watch it, fellas
watch it, fellas	all aboard the imagination balloon! some people feel
all aboard the imagination balloon! some people feel	are you gonna take us somewhere or not?!
are you gonna take us somewhere or not?!	oh- ohhh
oh- ohhh	whoa
whoa	what is this place?
what is this place?	this
this	hello
hello	welcome to imaginationland
welcome to imaginationland	we are honored to have creators in our kingdom
we are honored to have creators in our kingdom	now, good news, everyone! these boys did see the leprechaun! 
now, good news, everyone! these boys did see the leprechaun! 	what did he tell you? did he have any news?
what did he tell you? did he have any news?	well he said there was gonna be a- 
well he said there was gonna be a- 	allah!!! 
allah!!! 	oh fuck no! 
oh fuck no! 	awwwgh! 
awwwgh! 	aaaaah!
aaaaah!	stan, we have to get out of here! 
stan, we have to get out of here! 	quickly boys! get on my back! 
quickly boys! get on my back! 	fellas! fellas wait!  hold on, fellas!
fellas! fellas wait!  hold on, fellas!	butters
butters	don't leave me, fellas! come back! 
don't leave me, fellas! come back! 	dude! 
dude! 	hey guys!
hey guys!	goodbye butters
goodbye butters	a-ah! a-a-ah! wha? where
a-ah! a-a-ah! wha? where	hello?
hello?	dude, did you finish your math homework? i kind of lost track
dude, did you finish your math homework? i kind of lost track	no no i i hardly got any sleep
no no i i hardly got any sleep	
	yeah! how'd you know?
yeah! how'd you know?	dude! i had the same dream! we jumped on a dragon's back and,
dude! i had the same dream! we jumped on a dragon's back and,	stan? stanley? you haven't seen your little friend butters,
stan? stanley? you haven't seen your little friend butters,	why?
why?	our darling butters never came home last night
our darling butters never came home last night	what did they say??
what did they say??	we don't wanna jump to conclusions, but
we don't wanna jump to conclusions, but	
	ladies and gentlemen, i have dire news
ladies and gentlemen, i have dire news	our imagination?
our imagination?	how?
how?	the imaginary attack appears to have been in the works for
the imaginary attack appears to have been in the works for	we've intercepted this videotape the terrorists made for
we've intercepted this videotape the terrorists made for	no! it's just a care bear! 
no! it's just a care bear! 	oh my god
oh my god	later in the video we can see another imaginary hostage; this
later in the video we can see another imaginary hostage; this	praise to the mighty allah
praise to the mighty allah	gentlemen, the terrorists appear to have complete control of
gentlemen, the terrorists appear to have complete control of	i believe a serious blow to democracy has just been dealt
i believe a serious blow to democracy has just been dealt	mr
mr	i
i	is this not your signature on the contract?
is this not your signature on the contract?	uh
uh	from what i've been presented and the evidence put forth, the
from what i've been presented and the evidence put forth, the	yesss!
yesss!	you have twenty four hours to suck aforementioned balls
you have twenty four hours to suck aforementioned balls	thank you your honor
thank you your honor	what i am about to tell you is highly classified
what i am about to tell you is highly classified	in times like these the government often turns to hollywood for
in times like these the government often turns to hollywood for	that's why we've asked you here, m
that's why we've asked you here, m	what if
what if	n, no
n, no	but what if al qaeda, it turns out, is the group being
but what if al qaeda, it turns out, is the group being	no- no
no- no	how about we make everyone think that terrorists attacked us?
how about we make everyone think that terrorists attacked us?	get him out of here
get him out of here	i believe i can
i believe i can	no no! we need ideas how to stop the terrorists!
no no! we need ideas how to stop the terrorists!	an eighteen-wheeler spins out of control and it's all like
an eighteen-wheeler spins out of control and it's all like	those aren't ideas, those are special effects!
those aren't ideas, those are special effects!	i
i	i know you don't
i know you don't	ah, my nipples, they hurt! they hurt when i twist them!
ah, my nipples, they hurt! they hurt when i twist them!	yes, uh, i don't suppose you have any creative ideas how to
yes, uh, i don't suppose you have any creative ideas how to	how about this? you have that tape that the terrorists made,
how about this? you have that tape that the terrorists made,	heyy
heyy	yeah
yeah	oogh! yess! 
oogh! yess! 	all the imaginary characters in the tape were identified, sir
all the imaginary characters in the tape were identified, sir	i want digital imaging and resource magnification done stat! 
i want digital imaging and resource magnification done stat! 	yes sir! 
yes sir! 	who are you?
who are you?	uh, excuse me? uh mr
uh, excuse me? uh mr	can you tell what the terrorists are doing?
can you tell what the terrorists are doing?	they're going something to rockety rocket
they're going something to rockety rocket	no! leave me alone! haaa!
no! leave me alone! haaa!	it doesn't make sense
it doesn't make sense	the only reason they would-  oh my god
the only reason they would-  oh my god	uh what's the barrier?
uh what's the barrier?	the wall! the wall which separates the evil side of
the wall! the wall which separates the evil side of	no! no you can't blow up the barrier! are you insane?! 
no! no you can't blow up the barrier! are you insane?! 	we can't let this happen
we can't let this happen	it will be the end of imaginationland
it will be the end of imaginationland	yeah
yeah	me?? woo, what am i supposed to do?
me?? woo, what am i supposed to do?	don't you get it?! if the terrorists blow that barrier, all the
don't you get it?! if the terrorists blow that barrier, all the	waaahaa!
waaahaa!	thanks for coming, everyone
thanks for coming, everyone	he's not gonna show up to suck your balls dude
he's not gonna show up to suck your balls dude	he has to
he has to	hey, he's here
hey, he's here	what? move aside, move aside! 
what? move aside, move aside! 	dude, do you really have to do it?
dude, do you really have to do it?	let's just get this over with!
let's just get this over with!	yes, come on in, peasant kyle, and pay homage to this sultan's
yes, come on in, peasant kyle, and pay homage to this sultan's	god damnit!
god damnit!	yehehehesss
yehehehesss	that's them, sir
that's them, sir	you boys need to come with us on a matter of national security
you boys need to come with us on a matter of national security	who are you?
who are you?	there's no time! you need to come with us right now! 
there's no time! you need to come with us right now! 	hey, let go of him! 
hey, let go of him! 	we aren't going to hurt your little friends
we aren't going to hurt your little friends	no! no, he has to suck my balls!  no! kyyyyle! 
no! no, he has to suck my balls!  no! kyyyyle! 	no! noooo! 
no! noooo! 	hold on! hold on a second!  now, you really should think about
hold on! hold on a second!  now, you really should think about	allah!! 
allah!! 	aaaaaaah! jesus christ, no!! 
aaaaaaah! jesus christ, no!! 	that was your plan to stop them??
that was your plan to stop them??	y-yeah, and that's not a heartfelt speech?
y-yeah, and that's not a heartfelt speech?	that's fucking stupid!  they are coming
that's fucking stupid!  they are coming	glad i picked you up, kid
glad i picked you up, kid	yeah well, when a man has been wronged
yeah well, when a man has been wronged	you goin' to washington to visit family?
you goin' to washington to visit family?	i've got unfinished business
i've got unfinished business	previously on battlestar galactica 
previously on battlestar galactica 	what is this place?
what is this place?	this
this	allah!!! 
allah!!! 	we have to get out of here!
we have to get out of here!	hold on, fellas!
hold on, fellas!	butters
butters	terrorists have just attacked
terrorists have just attacked	if the terrorists blow that barrier, all the most evil things
if the terrorists blow that barrier, all the most evil things	allah!! 
allah!! 	no!! 
no!! 	butters, time for breakfast
butters, time for breakfast	buh, huh, but
buh, huh, but	come on, butters
come on, butters	hoho! mom, dad, i dreamt i was in imaginationland and, and
hoho! mom, dad, i dreamt i was in imaginationland and, and	you are in imaginationland
you are in imaginationland	huh?
huh?	hey, wake up, stupid!  come on, wake up, kid!
hey, wake up, stupid!  come on, wake up, kid!	no, wait! uh i was back home in bed!
no, wait! uh i was back home in bed!	no! you passed out and peed your pants!
no! you passed out and peed your pants!	look! the evil of imaginationland is coming out! 
look! the evil of imaginationland is coming out! 	oh hamburgers! 
oh hamburgers! 	everyone! fall back to the gumdrop forest!  come with me,
everyone! fall back to the gumdrop forest!  come with me,	waaaa! it's alien!  predator! wha?  huh?  waaaaah! haaaaaaaa! 
waaaa! it's alien!  predator! wha?  huh?  waaaaah! haaaaaaaa! 	look, we already told you everything we know
look, we already told you everything we know	what we want to know is how! we need to find a way into
what we want to know is how! we need to find a way into	we just
we just	there must have been some kind of portal or doorway
there must have been some kind of portal or doorway	dude, we don't remember
dude, we don't remember	do you realize what's goin' on here?! terrorists have attacked
do you realize what's goin' on here?! terrorists have attacked	it was the chinese, wasn't it?
it was the chinese, wasn't it?	
	we've suspected that the chinese government was working on a
we've suspected that the chinese government was working on a	no
no	that's it, isn't it?! where do the chinese keep this portal?
that's it, isn't it?! where do the chinese keep this portal?	it is better than ours?
it is better than ours?	your what?
your what?	our portal to the imagination built as a secret project back in
our portal to the imagination built as a secret project back in	shhh! tom! that's super-secret
shhh! tom! that's super-secret	ohh, i'm sorry sir
ohh, i'm sorry sir	wait
wait	aw, see? good job, tom! why don't you just tell them everything
aw, see? good job, tom! why don't you just tell them everything	yes sir
yes sir	that was sarcasm
that was sarcasm	aw jeez, i'm really sorry sir
aw jeez, i'm really sorry sir	if you already built a doorway to the imagination, then why do
if you already built a doorway to the imagination, then why do	all right, we might as well show it to them
all right, we might as well show it to them	every night, the dream is the same
every night, the dream is the same	you okay, kid?
you okay, kid?	no
no	ever since the cold war, the u
ever since the cold war, the u	that's not very imaginative
that's not very imaginative	according to all the tests and the data, the doorway should
according to all the tests and the data, the doorway should	but we're close, sir
but we're close, sir	they've been saying that for over forty years
they've been saying that for over forty years	you're the ones, right? the kids who have been in the
you're the ones, right? the kids who have been in the	ah i guess
ah i guess	what was the sequence that got you inside? we know there's some
what was the sequence that got you inside? we know there's some	look, we're sorry, you guys, but the balloon just went up in
look, we're sorry, you guys, but the balloon just went up in	song? you didn't say anything about a song before
song? you didn't say anything about a song before	what song?
what song?	the imagination song?
the imagination song?	that could be it
that could be it	quick boys: how does the imagination song go?
quick boys: how does the imagination song go?	imaginaaaation imaginaaaation
imaginaaaation imaginaaaation	sir, uh i'm getting some electrofeedback from the gate
sir, uh i'm getting some electrofeedback from the gate	was there more to the imagination song? ha, how does the rest
was there more to the imagination song? ha, how does the rest	imaginaaaation
imaginaaaation	no, no dude, it went up there
no, no dude, it went up there	imagina-he-hey-
imagina-he-hey-	imagina-eh
imagina-eh	dude, we don't remember
dude, we don't remember	i'm just about through playing with you boys! we're running out
i'm just about through playing with you boys! we're running out	mayor, mayor, what are we supposed to do?
mayor, mayor, what are we supposed to do?	please, sir
please, sir	oh, well
oh, well	really?
really?	no, you fucking dipshit, that was a joke! 
no, you fucking dipshit, that was a joke! 	mayor, what are we supposed to do, shnarf shnarf?
mayor, what are we supposed to do, shnarf shnarf?	get to castle sunshine! it's your only hope!
get to castle sunshine! it's your only hope!	castle sunshine?
castle sunshine?	through the gumdrop forest
through the gumdrop forest	we are free! now all of imaginationland is ours!
we are free! now all of imaginationland is ours!	not all, foolish orc! there are still parts of imaginationland
not all, foolish orc! there are still parts of imaginationland	tomorrow, we shall build our own castle right on this spot!
tomorrow, we shall build our own castle right on this spot!	who put you in charge, krueger?! i am the most evil character
who put you in charge, krueger?! i am the most evil character	nonsense!  your evil is stale!
nonsense!  your evil is stale!	i am the most evil imaginary character! 
i am the most evil imaginary character! 	now come on y'all
now come on y'all	yeah
yeah	yaaaay!
yaaaay!	what evil imaginary characters are they?
what evil imaginary characters are they?	they were dreamt up by some fourth grade kid as part of his
they were dreamt up by some fourth grade kid as part of his	now come on y'all
now come on y'all	and eat their flesh!
and eat their flesh!	b'hut first we should rape them!
b'hut first we should rape them!	how about we kill them, and then rape their bodies so we can
how about we kill them, and then rape their bodies so we can	say, that's a great idea, beary bear
say, that's a great idea, beary bear	man, i do not want to meet the kid that dreamt those things up
man, i do not want to meet the kid that dreamt those things up	look, i want some goddamn answers! you brought my friend here
look, i want some goddamn answers! you brought my friend here	i'm sorry, sir
i'm sorry, sir	something is going on, and i have a right to know where my
something is going on, and i have a right to know where my	there's somebody asking a lot of questions about what's going
there's somebody asking a lot of questions about what's going	let me handle this!  i'm sorry, but there is no such thing as
let me handle this!  i'm sorry, but there is no such thing as	imagina-a-ation, imagina-
imagina-a-ation, imagina-	waitwaitwait, maybe that's where he went really flat, like that
waitwaitwait, maybe that's where he went really flat, like that	right, then it was "imagina-ation, imagina-ation
right, then it was "imagina-ation, imagina-ation	it's open! it's open!
it's open! it's open!	getting readings from the other side
getting readings from the other side	all right, that's enough! we've still got a lot of work to do,
all right, that's enough! we've still got a lot of work to do,	how much further to castle sunshine?
how much further to castle sunshine?	snarf, i'm not sure snarf snarf
snarf, i'm not sure snarf snarf	what was that?
what was that?	over here
over here	please, let me go
please, let me go	oh my god! snarf
oh my god! snarf	aaaaaaaaah! aaaaaaaaah! aaaaaaaaah!
aaaaaaaaah! aaaaaaaaah! aaaaaaaaah!	now kill her!
now kill her!	whoa whoa, hang on, y'all
whoa whoa, hang on, y'all	what do you mean? we cut out her eyeball
what do you mean? we cut out her eyeball	yeah, that's super hardcore
yeah, that's super hardcore	now come on y'all
now come on y'all	hey! i know! let's all pee in her empty eye socket!
hey! i know! let's all pee in her empty eye socket!	let's make her eat her own eyeball, and then pee in her empty
let's make her eat her own eyeball, and then pee in her empty	how about we get someone with aids to pee in her eyesocket, so
how about we get someone with aids to pee in her eyesocket, so	nobody here has aids!
nobody here has aids!	awwww!!
awwww!!	but we've got to have aids before we pee in her eyesocket!
but we've got to have aids before we pee in her eyesocket!	now don't be down y'all
now don't be down y'all	dude, run, run, ruuun! 
dude, run, run, ruuun! 	all right, men
all right, men	yes sir!
yes sir!	are you ready, kurt russell?
are you ready, kurt russell?	i
i	yes, but you were in that one movie that was kinda like this
yes, but you were in that one movie that was kinda like this	sir, we have a security breach!
sir, we have a security breach!	what?!
what?!	there's an unauthorized entry alert, sir-it's coming from
there's an unauthorized entry alert, sir-it's coming from	sector two?? 
sector two?? 	cartman??
cartman??	hello kyle! thought you could get out of your responsibilities,
hello kyle! thought you could get out of your responsibilities,	who the hell are you?!
who the hell are you?!	that kid you have made a bit that if i could prove that i saw a
that kid you have made a bit that if i could prove that i saw a	get him out of here!
get him out of here!	no! hold on a second!  i have a contract  validated by the
no! hold on a second!  i have a contract  validated by the	let me see that!  why would you agree to suck someone's balls?
let me see that!  why would you agree to suck someone's balls?	i didn't think there was going to be a god-damned leprechaun!!
i didn't think there was going to be a god-damned leprechaun!!	all right, you two can go use the conference room
all right, you two can go use the conference room	wha?! well wait, ahah i wanna see what happens here!
wha?! well wait, ahah i wanna see what happens here!	you signed an agreement, kid
you signed an agreement, kid	stan?
stan?	dude, you did make a deal
dude, you did make a deal	theee conference room is which way? 
theee conference room is which way? 	here we are, kyle
here we are, kyle	i didn't "bail," i got picked up by the government!
i didn't "bail," i got picked up by the government!	well we're here now, that's all that matters
well we're here now, that's all that matters	cartman, do you even know what's going on? we went to
cartman, do you even know what's going on? we went to	oh jeez, i'm sorry, kyle
oh jeez, i'm sorry, kyle	okay, fine
okay, fine	oh nonono, nononot so fast, kyle
oh nonono, nononot so fast, kyle	no, i'm serious! i wanna see what's happening downstairs, so
no, i'm serious! i wanna see what's happening downstairs, so	not
not	just get to it already!
just get to it already!	entering the portal in five seconds
entering the portal in five seconds	kurt russell, can i get a comm check?
kurt russell, can i get a comm check?	check 1, 2
check 1, 2	good luck men! godspeed!  what do we have?! kurt russell, can
good luck men! godspeed!  what do we have?! kurt russell, can	we're here
we're here	they are inside the imagination, sir
they are inside the imagination, sir	what do you see in there?
what do you see in there?	there's lots of
there's lots of	awww, an imaginary talking squirrel
awww, an imaginary talking squirrel	awww
awww	ask the squirrel what it knows about the terrorist attack
ask the squirrel what it knows about the terrorist attack	wait a minute, eh
wait a minute, eh	wait, woodland critters
wait, woodland critters	there's a talking bear and a beaver, uh
there's a talking bear and a beaver, uh	get them out of there!
get them out of there!	what?
what?	tell them to get away now!
tell them to get away now!	what's the matter?
what's the matter?	oh the
oh the	kurt russell, what's going on?!
kurt russell, what's going on?!	they're raping mee!! they're raping meee!!!
they're raping mee!! they're raping meee!!!	get out of there, kurt russell!
get out of there, kurt russell!	they're raping all of us! whoaho! oh it hurts! they're raping
they're raping all of us! whoaho! oh it hurts! they're raping	i was thinking of using a high-speed shutter with a low depth
i was thinking of using a high-speed shutter with a low depth	goddammit cartman, will you stop wasting time? i wanna get this
goddammit cartman, will you stop wasting time? i wanna get this	no, you're right, kyle
no, you're right, kyle	let's just do it! 
let's just do it! 	in time, kyle
in time, kyle	everyone to the main hall now! go!
everyone to the main hall now! go!	uh, no, no, we're not done in here yet
uh, no, no, we're not done in here yet	everyone to the main hall now! 
everyone to the main hall now! 	no! goddammit no!
no! goddammit no!	boy snarf snarf, my feet are really gettin' tired snarf
boy snarf snarf, my feet are really gettin' tired snarf	aww, sn-snarf, could you maybe like sh-shut up for five minutes?
aww, sn-snarf, could you maybe like sh-shut up for five minutes?	wait! there it is
wait! there it is	the evil imaginary characters are approaching! lock down the
the evil imaginary characters are approaching! lock down the	wait! waaait! 
wait! waaait! 	what imaginary character are you?!
what imaginary character are you?!	the lollipop king? from the lollipop forest?
the lollipop king? from the lollipop forest?	and i'm snarf
and i'm snarf	and what imaginary character are you?
and what imaginary character are you?	oh, uhh, uh i'm not imaginary
oh, uhh, uh i'm not imaginary	what's a "butters"?
what's a "butters"?	the mayor brought him and some other kids into imaginationland
the mayor brought him and some other kids into imaginationland	so you came from the real world at precisely the same time as
so you came from the real world at precisely the same time as	i, well i was just playin' with my friends, and then, wu-we
i, well i was just playin' with my friends, and then, wu-we	you caught the leprechaun? take him!
you caught the leprechaun? take him!	perseus! he's not against us snarf snarf!
perseus! he's not against us snarf snarf!	talk to me! what's going on?! 
talk to me! what's going on?! 	something is
something is	what is it?!
what is it?!	its like a
its like a	and half pig! 
and half pig! 	oh! no, no wait! it's like a half bear half manpig! 
oh! no, no wait! it's like a half bear half manpig! 	look out! 
look out! 	no! i think it's more like a half man, and half pigbear! 
no! i think it's more like a half man, and half pigbear! 	reverse the doorway! send it back through!
reverse the doorway! send it back through!	aaahhh! 
aaahhh! 	kyle!! 
kyle!! 	aaaaaaaaaaaa- 
aaaaaaaaaaaa- 	please! i didn't help the terrorists get into imaginationland!
please! i didn't help the terrorists get into imaginationland!	that is for the council of nine to decide!
that is for the council of nine to decide!	don't worry, kid, the council of nine consists of some of the
don't worry, kid, the council of nine consists of some of the	fellow council, these are indeed dark times
fellow council, these are indeed dark times	yes
yes	and what say you, morpheus?
and what say you, morpheus?	how our we to know that they will let us go? their offer could
how our we to know that they will let us go? their offer could	perhaps we must flee to the temple of alderon
perhaps we must flee to the temple of alderon	no, we can't
no, we can't	i'm with jesus
i'm with jesus	forgive my intrusion, council of nine, but this boy has
forgive my intrusion, council of nine, but this boy has	bring him here!
bring him here!	clear!  i'm sorry
clear!  i'm sorry	no! kyle can't die
no! kyle can't die	i'm sorry, young man
i'm sorry, young man	kyle?
kyle?	well
well	nnnooo!  no, he has a strong heart! he wants to live! come on,
nnnooo!  no, he has a strong heart! he wants to live! come on,	he's gone, little boy
he's gone, little boy	zap him again!  do it!
zap him again!  do it!	charging
charging	do it!  come on buddy
do it!  come on buddy	clear
clear	come on buddy
come on buddy	i believe this child was brought into imaginationland for a
i believe this child was brought into imaginationland for a	what are you saying, aslan? that if we are to take back
what are you saying, aslan? that if we are to take back	yes
yes	awww, i'm the key? could i not be the key, morpheus? i don't
awww, i'm the key? could i not be the key, morpheus? i don't	if you ever wanna see your home again, little boy, you'll have
if you ever wanna see your home again, little boy, you'll have	but i, but i'm supposed to be at school right now, uh, and
but i, but i'm supposed to be at school right now, uh, and	it is a dark time for all of us, young boy
it is a dark time for all of us, young boy	sir? are you sure about this?
sir? are you sure about this?	we have no choice
we have no choice	wake up, kyle
wake up, kyle	imaginationland
imaginationland	this is gonna be fun, huh? 
this is gonna be fun, huh? 	we prepare for a battle we cannot win
we prepare for a battle we cannot win	wuh, what can i do?
wuh, what can i do?	you have a power here that you have yet to understand
you have a power here that you have yet to understand	back it up!  look!  right there!  see that?!  what does that
back it up!  look!  right there!  see that?!  what does that	yes, we see it, mr
yes, we see it, mr	something big is going on, and the american people need to know
something big is going on, and the american people need to know	he's recovering, but there's been some trauma to his brain
he's recovering, but there's been some trauma to his brain	hello?  hello? anybody? 
hello?  hello? anybody? 	stan? 
stan? 	hello?
hello?	stan?
stan?	good morning, kyle
good morning, kyle	cartman, what's happened?
cartman, what's happened?	what's happened? well, let's see: you bet me that i couldn't
what's happened? well, let's see: you bet me that i couldn't	no, i mean what happened at the pentagon?!
no, i mean what happened at the pentagon?!	you just rest, kyle
you just rest, kyle	arh!
arh!	hot fudge, whipped cream, what else belongs on a sundae, kyle? 
hot fudge, whipped cream, what else belongs on a sundae, kyle? 	cartman, what is going on out there?! what happened to stan?!
cartman, what is going on out there?! what happened to stan?!	oh, he got sucked through that portal thing and they're gonna
oh, he got sucked through that portal thing and they're gonna	wwait, what do you mean? stan's in danger?
wwait, what do you mean? stan's in danger?	don't try to change the subject, kyle
don't try to change the subject, kyle	aslan, the evil characters are almost here!
aslan, the evil characters are almost here!	get everyone to the battlefield! defend the castle walls!
get everyone to the battlefield! defend the castle walls!	what powers? ah i don't understand
what powers? ah i don't understand	you are real
you are real	i c-i can?
i c-i can?	santa claus was killed in the terrorist attack
santa claus was killed in the terrorist attack	how?
how?	you just have to focus your mind
you just have to focus your mind	how am i supposed to focus with all this crap goin' on?!
how am i supposed to focus with all this crap goin' on?!	think only of one thing
think only of one thing	whatever is most prominent in your mind will come to be
whatever is most prominent in your mind will come to be	butters!  you are grounded, mister! you hear me?!  grounded!
butters!  you are grounded, mister! you hear me?!  grounded!	aaaaaaaaa! no, nonono, no no no! 
aaaaaaaaa! no, nonono, no no no! 	what are you doing?! we need santa!
what are you doing?! we need santa!	i'm trying!
i'm trying!	come on, kid, imagine santa! believe in santa!
come on, kid, imagine santa! believe in santa!	you must believe in santa!
you must believe in santa!	believe in santa! right now!
believe in santa! right now!	gaa haa!
gaa haa!	kevin, can i get some more bounce off that too, 'kay? let's
kevin, can i get some more bounce off that too, 'kay? let's	carman, will you shut up? i'm trying to find out what's going
carman, will you shut up? i'm trying to find out what's going	a new terrorist attack seems to have taken place
a new terrorist attack seems to have taken place	we were hoping to keep this quiet until it was all over, but,
we were hoping to keep this quiet until it was all over, but,	our imaginations are running wild and we weren't told?!
our imaginations are running wild and we weren't told?!	by attacking our imagination the terrorists have found our most
by attacking our imagination the terrorists have found our most	is nuking our imagination really prudent?
is nuking our imagination really prudent?	aren't there other, more peaceful ways to get our imagination
aren't there other, more peaceful ways to get our imagination	couldn't we trying sending kurt russell into a portal to our
couldn't we trying sending kurt russell into a portal to our	we tried that! and kurt russell was raped by christmas critters!
we tried that! and kurt russell was raped by christmas critters!	
	the pentagon claims that because imaginary things are not real,
the pentagon claims that because imaginary things are not real,	that's bullcrap, man! you can't nuke our imagination!
that's bullcrap, man! you can't nuke our imagination!	don't nuke our imagination bro! wooo!
don't nuke our imagination bro! wooo!	mike, does the military have the authority to nuke our
mike, does the military have the authority to nuke our	uh clearly they don't, steven, and they're gonna have a big
uh clearly they don't, steven, and they're gonna have a big	yes, i believe the defendant had to suck the plaintiff's balls
yes, i believe the defendant had to suck the plaintiff's balls	that's right, steven, yeah
that's right, steven, yeah	oh for the love of god!
oh for the love of god!	hello? can anybody hear me?
hello? can anybody hear me?	stan! dude, is that you?
stan! dude, is that you?	kyle? where are you? i, i don't see you
kyle? where are you? i, i don't see you	no, i'm not there
no, i'm not there	
	dude, what's happening?
dude, what's happening?	i'm in like a gumdrop forest
i'm in like a gumdrop forest	the evil characters are here
the evil characters are here	there are so many of them
there are so many of them	there's no time left! you have to get control of your
there's no time left! you have to get control of your	santa
santa	think
think	red suit, white beard
red suit, white beard	how does that look? can you see my balls and the sundae in
how does that look? can you see my balls and the sundae in	a shocking new development in the nuking of imagination!
a shocking new development in the nuking of imagination!	the supreme court has ruled with the military that imaginary
the supreme court has ruled with the military that imaginary	thank you
thank you	oh no
oh no	this of course overturns any imagination-based verdicts in the
this of course overturns any imagination-based verdicts in the	
	so it appears the military is ready to proceed with its
so it appears the military is ready to proceed with its	kyle? what's happening?
kyle? what's happening?	the government is gonna nuke imaginationland
the government is gonna nuke imaginationland	what?! you can't let them do that!
what?! you can't let them do that!	what am i supposed to do?
what am i supposed to do?	dude you have to stall them!  uh- 
dude you have to stall them!  uh- 	stan? stan?? 
stan? stan?? 	where are you going?!
where are you going?!	i'm going to try to save stan and butters from getting nuked!
i'm going to try to save stan and butters from getting nuked!	okay okay, but you you have to suck my balls first real quick
okay okay, but you you have to suck my balls first real quick	no, i don't! the decision was overturned
no, i don't! the decision was overturned	we had a deal kyle!
we had a deal kyle!	yeah, that leprechauns were real! and the government just
yeah, that leprechauns were real! and the government just	it isn't over!!  it isn't over, kyle! i have not waited this
it isn't over!!  it isn't over, kyle! i have not waited this	i need more spinach for popeye! 
i need more spinach for popeye! 	i-ee got one
i-ee got one	hey there
hey there	we're losing the battle! there are simply too many of them!
we're losing the battle! there are simply too many of them!	then the day is lost
then the day is lost	wait! aslan, look! 
wait! aslan, look! 	what? what happened?
what? what happened?	you did it, kid!
you did it, kid!	quickly santa! they need you on the battlefield!
quickly santa! they need you on the battlefield!	huh?  oh, all right
huh?  oh, all right	now you see your potential, young creator
now you see your potential, young creator	this area is restricted, little boy
this area is restricted, little boy	please, i need to talk to the people inside
please, i need to talk to the people inside	get behind the line with the other protesters! 
get behind the line with the other protesters! 	no nukes in our imagination, bro! wooo! 
no nukes in our imagination, bro! wooo! 	uhn, you don't understand! my friend is in imaginationland! i
uhn, you don't understand! my friend is in imaginationland! i	you pot-smokin' hippies aren't gettin' through here, so back
you pot-smokin' hippies aren't gettin' through here, so back	stop that nuke!
stop that nuke!	stop that nuke!
stop that nuke!	stop that nuke! 
stop that nuke! 	what's going on here?  the military has to do this! it's their
what's going on here?  the military has to do this! it's their	good, butters
good, butters	huwhoa! 
huwhoa! 	aslan! we're losing the battle!
aslan! we're losing the battle!	we managed to fight off the vampires and werewolves, but
we managed to fight off the vampires and werewolves, but	cavity creeps?
cavity creeps?	we make holes in teeth! we make holes in teeth!
we make holes in teeth! we make holes in teeth!	what can destroy the cavity creeps?
what can destroy the cavity creeps?	only crest gel with tartar control
only crest gel with tartar control	quickly! you must imagine a giant crest gel! 
quickly! you must imagine a giant crest gel! 	yes!
yes!	his powers are getting stronger
his powers are getting stronger	aslan, we've captured a spy! he was sneaking around the gumdrop
aslan, we've captured a spy! he was sneaking around the gumdrop	stan!  hey look, i imagined stan here!
stan!  hey look, i imagined stan here!	no, no! i got sucked through operation imagination doorway at
no, no! i got sucked through operation imagination doorway at	project imagination doorway? 
project imagination doorway? 	never mind! the battle is almost won! we can deal with him
never mind! the battle is almost won! we can deal with him	no, no, you don't understand
no, no, you don't understand	what?
what?	wull why would they nuke imaginationland?
wull why would they nuke imaginationland?	so the terrorists can't ever use it against us again
so the terrorists can't ever use it against us again	we can get imaginationland under control; the chosen one just
we can get imaginationland under control; the chosen one just	the chosen one?
the chosen one?	yeah, it turns out i'm the key
yeah, it turns out i'm the key	missile launch sequence initiated
missile launch sequence initiated	all right, people, i want this nuking done by the books
all right, people, i want this nuking done by the books	sir, we have a security breach!
sir, we have a security breach!	what?!
what?!	there's an unauthorized entry alert, sir-it's coming from
there's an unauthorized entry alert, sir-it's coming from	sector 2? 
sector 2? 	what the hell do you think you're doing declaring leprechauns
what the hell do you think you're doing declaring leprechauns	what?
what?	you just can't declare that imaginary things aren't real! who
you just can't declare that imaginary things aren't real! who	imaginary things are things made up by people, like santa and
imaginary things are things made up by people, like santa and	yeah, and they detract from real things, like jesus
yeah, and they detract from real things, like jesus	maybe jesus is imaginary too
maybe jesus is imaginary too	ooooh, you'd better not say that! you'll go to hell!
ooooh, you'd better not say that! you'll go to hell!	it's possible that hell is also imaginary
it's possible that hell is also imaginary	uh so then, we're about to nuke hell
uh so then, we're about to nuke hell	hell yeah, that's a good thing, yeah
hell yeah, that's a good thing, yeah	what if heaven is imaginary? we'd be nuking heaven
what if heaven is imaginary? we'd be nuking heaven	yeah, but it wouldn't be real
yeah, but it wouldn't be real	so it'd be all right
so it'd be all right	look, maybe they're all part of the same thing
look, maybe they're all part of the same thing	santa claus and leprechauns are imaginary, but jesus and hell
santa claus and leprechauns are imaginary, but jesus and hell	well then, what about buddha?
well then, what about buddha?	well of course he's imaginary!
well of course he's imaginary!	awww, see? now you're being intolerant, tom
awww, see? now you're being intolerant, tom	am i real?
am i real?	all right, enough! keep that kid out of the way and let's get
all right, enough! keep that kid out of the way and let's get	no! leprechauns are real, goddammit!
no! leprechauns are real, goddammit!	kyle? kyle, what happened?
kyle? kyle, what happened?	nothing
nothing	what??
what??	nothing happened! there's nothing i can do! 
nothing happened! there's nothing i can do! 	dude, you can't let the government fire off that nuke!
dude, you can't let the government fire off that nuke!	they say they can do whatever they want because imaginary
they say they can do whatever they want because imaginary	well you have to convince them they are real!
well you have to convince them they are real!	no way, dude, then i'd have to suck cartman's balls
no way, dude, then i'd have to suck cartman's balls	whatever it takes, you have to do it, all right?!  hang- hang
whatever it takes, you have to do it, all right?!  hang- hang	huh? 
huh? 	hello, kyle? this is jesus
hello, kyle? this is jesus	oh boy
oh boy	what seems to be the problem, my child?
what seems to be the problem, my child?	jesus, i can't do anything
jesus, i can't do anything	no eh, hey kyle, this is luke skywalker
no eh, hey kyle, this is luke skywalker	aah
aah	look, i know this seems like an impossible task, but do you
look, i know this seems like an impossible task, but do you	yeah, i guess
yeah, i guess	uh okay, now, now hold on, because superman is here and he
uh okay, now, now hold on, because superman is here and he	kyle, this is superman
kyle, this is superman	hi superman
hi superman	i know that saving people can be a big responsibility, but no
i know that saving people can be a big responsibility, but no	i know
i know	you can do this, kyle
you can do this, kyle	oh god
oh god	yes, god is here too
yes, god is here too	popeye, i need some help here! 
popeye, i need some help here! 	popeye is being killed by christmas critters
popeye is being killed by christmas critters	gaw guguh, getskug off of me!
gaw guguh, getskug off of me!	hey, what is that?
hey, what is that?	more spinach for popeye!  imagine an m60 for jesus!
more spinach for popeye!  imagine an m60 for jesus!	all right!
all right!	the boy is doing it! everything is going to be okay!
the boy is doing it! everything is going to be okay!	missile launch in one minute
missile launch in one minute	goddamnit, you stupid assholes are going to ruin everything!
goddamnit, you stupid assholes are going to ruin everything!	prepare for launch
prepare for launch	sir, we have a security breach!
sir, we have a security breach!	what?!
what?!	there's an unauthorized entry alert, sir-it's coming from
there's an unauthorized entry alert, sir-it's coming from	sector 2? 
sector 2? 	kyle?
kyle?	the hell are you doing back here?!
the hell are you doing back here?!	listen, you don't have to do this! our imaginations aren't
listen, you don't have to do this! our imaginations aren't	why is it so easy for children to break into the pentagon?!
why is it so easy for children to break into the pentagon?!	you have to stop!
you have to stop!	if i'm not mistaken, you're the one who bet that leprechauns
if i'm not mistaken, you're the one who bet that leprechauns	because i-  i
because i-  i	abort the sequence
abort the sequence	so kyle, imaginary things are real, huh? guess that means i did
so kyle, imaginary things are real, huh? guess that means i did	just let it go with your fucking balls, you fucking asshole!!
just let it go with your fucking balls, you fucking asshole!!	what happened?! why hasn't the missile gone off?!
what happened?! why hasn't the missile gone off?!	there's been an abort, mr
there's been an abort, mr	no! manbearpig has to die! 
no! manbearpig has to die! 	oh jesus no! 
oh jesus no! 	that's it, aslan! the evil characters have fled!
that's it, aslan! the evil characters have fled!	the day is ours! 
the day is ours! 	kyle!
kyle!	fellas! where'd you come from? 
fellas! where'd you come from? 	what is that? 
what is that? 	huh
huh	he did it!
he did it!	oh look, i'm back!
oh look, i'm back!	nice going, kid
nice going, kid	the evil characters! they're all behind the wall again
the evil characters! they're all behind the wall again	dude! how did you do that, butters?
dude! how did you do that, butters?	well i just
well i just	awwww 
awwww 	you know, i really have learned a lot, you guys
you know, i really have learned a lot, you guys	cartman, don't!
cartman, don't!	o-hoo kyle! what are you doing to my balls? oho, look! it's
o-hoo kyle! what are you doing to my balls? oho, look! it's	dude
dude	oh my god
oh my god	o-hoo kyle, you are gobbling those balls, aren't you? i told
o-hoo kyle, you are gobbling those balls, aren't you? i told	i'm not sucking your balls; that's imaginary!
i'm not sucking your balls; that's imaginary!	no- kyle, i believe you said that imaginary things are real
no- kyle, i believe you said that imaginary things are real	that's true
that's true	oh, look at you go, kyle! oho, you dirty girl! you love those
oh, look at you go, kyle! oho, you dirty girl! you love those	okay, kyle, that's enough ballsucking
okay, kyle, that's enough ballsucking	i am not sucking cartman's balls!
i am not sucking cartman's balls!	whatever you imagine to be real, is real
whatever you imagine to be real, is real	butters?  butters!
butters?  butters!	a-huh? what? oh! it was all just a dream
a-huh? what? oh! it was all just a dream	come on, butters, time to get up
come on, butters, time to get up	oh dad! i had the craziest dream! i, i saved all of
oh dad! i had the craziest dream! i, i saved all of	you were in imaginationland, butters! we've read all about it
you were in imaginationland, butters! we've read all about it	you are grounded, mister!
you are grounded, mister!	ohhh
ohhh	oh yes you are!
oh yes you are!	oh yeah? 
oh yeah? 	that only works in imaginationland! you're grounded! 
that only works in imaginationland! you're grounded! 	ahhh shit
ahhh shit	stan, you guys are good! 
stan, you guys are good! 	sharon, what are the boys doing?
sharon, what are the boys doing?	oh, stan and kyle bought a new video game together
oh, stan and kyle bought a new video game together	they can play guitar now?
they can play guitar now?	no, no, they're just little plastic controllers
no, no, they're just little plastic controllers	ohhh
ohhh	if they spent half the time learning a real instrument as they
if they spent half the time learning a real instrument as they	hey yeah
hey yeah	dude, listen to that video crowd! they love us! 
dude, listen to that video crowd! they love us! 	so you boys like this music, huh?
so you boys like this music, huh?	yeah, dude
yeah, dude	stan and kyle are really good at it
stan and kyle are really good at it	well you kids wanna see something really cool?  check this out
well you kids wanna see something really cool?  check this out	dad? dad! what are you doing?!
dad? dad! what are you doing?!	i can actually play a lot of these songs on a real guitar
i can actually play a lot of these songs on a real guitar	uhh, that's gay, mr
uhh, that's gay, mr	yeah, that's stupid, dad
yeah, that's stupid, dad	but
but	real guitars are for old people
real guitars are for old people	do you mind, sir? we wanna watch stan and kyle play
do you mind, sir? we wanna watch stan and kyle play	alright, let's try to score 60,000 points this time
alright, let's try to score 60,000 points this time	are you ready to rock? 
are you ready to rock? 	"carry on my wayward sonthere'll be peace when you are donelay
"carry on my wayward sonthere'll be peace when you are donelay	game over! you suck! 
game over! you suck! 	they're gonna do it!
they're gonna do it!	come on, guys, a hundred thousand points!
come on, guys, a hundred thousand points!	cartman, shut up
cartman, shut up	you have broken a hundred thousand points! you
you have broken a hundred thousand points! you	dude, we are total rock stars now!
dude, we are total rock stars now!	you're not rock stars! this is just a stupid plastic
you're not rock stars! this is just a stupid plastic	hang on
hang on	stan marsh?
stan marsh?	yeah?
yeah?	i'm charles kincade, from the kincade talent agency? i just
i'm charles kincade, from the kincade talent agency? i just	yeah, we did
yeah, we did	i'm impressed
i'm impressed	wow, really??  dude! dude, kyle, this guy wants to be our
wow, really??  dude! dude, kyle, this guy wants to be our	no way!
no way!	for reals? 
for reals? 	scoring a hundred thousand points is amazing, but i think with
scoring a hundred thousand points is amazing, but i think with	that'd be awesome!
that'd be awesome!	so, we're in business then? 
so, we're in business then? 	well, what do you think?
well, what do you think?	i like it
i like it	no, that's kansas
no, that's kansas	that's pretty goddamned impressive
that's pretty goddamned impressive	yes! you did it, boys
yes! you did it, boys	listen, boys, i'm having a huge celebrity party at my giant
listen, boys, i'm having a huge celebrity party at my giant	cool! 
cool! 	wow, this is a huge party
wow, this is a huge party	oh yes, all the biggest stars in colorado are here
oh yes, all the biggest stars in colorado are here	dude, dude, that's ron zappolo from channel 4 news! 
dude, dude, that's ron zappolo from channel 4 news! 	wow! oh, and look over there, that's that jake jabs guy from
wow! oh, and look over there, that's that jake jabs guy from	everyone? everyone, this is stan and kyle
everyone? everyone, this is stan and kyle	dude! dude, that's jay cutler over there!  quarterback for the
dude! dude, that's jay cutler over there!  quarterback for the	oh my god!
oh my god!	would you boys like to meet him?
would you boys like to meet him?	are you serious??
are you serious??	jay, i want you to meet stan and kyle
jay, i want you to meet stan and kyle	wow, really? nice to meet you guys
wow, really? nice to meet you guys	nice to meet you!  i mean, you kind of suck, but my dad says
nice to meet you!  i mean, you kind of suck, but my dad says	thanks
thanks	alex, have you seen my wife anywhere?
alex, have you seen my wife anywhere?	you boys know tom shane from the shane company diamond store
you boys know tom shane from the shane company diamond store	do we? he's a legend!
do we? he's a legend!	you remember these boys, tom
you remember these boys, tom	that, would be impressive
that, would be impressive	dude, we've arrived
dude, we've arrived	yeah
yeah	you rock!
you rock!	all right, nice rehearsal, boys
all right, nice rehearsal, boys	d-ude, i totally miffed that middle part
d-ude, i totally miffed that middle part	yeah dude, that's almost impossible
yeah dude, that's almost impossible	that was real cool, kids
that was real cool, kids	oh, okay
oh, okay	you've got real potential, kid
you've got real potential, kid	really? that'd be sweet
really? that'd be sweet	i think you could
i think you could	what, you mean, kyle?
what, you mean, kyle?	look, you score a lot higher than him; there's no question who
look, you score a lot higher than him; there's no question who	but, kyle and i always play together
but, kyle and i always play together	very honorable
very honorable	you're gonna love this kid, stan
you're gonna love this kid, stan	sup? 
sup? 	that here has backed up a lot of really great guitar hero
that here has backed up a lot of really great guitar hero	yup
yup	he doesn't even need a game system to play on
he doesn't even need a game system to play on	yeah, but can he play buckethead on expert level?
yeah, but can he play buckethead on expert level?	go ahead, thad
go ahead, thad	yeah, that's pretty good
yeah, that's pretty good	stan, with this kid backing you, you're gonna make guitar hero
stan, with this kid backing you, you're gonna make guitar hero	ohoh, i love this song
ohoh, i love this song	wow wee, look at him go!
wow wee, look at him go!	hey dude, how'd it-? 
hey dude, how'd it-? 	
	uh ohhh
uh ohhh	who is this?
who is this?	this is um, thad jarvis
this is um, thad jarvis	sup?
sup?	ahem, wha? what's going on, stan?
ahem, wha? what's going on, stan?	kyle, i was gonna tell you later
kyle, i was gonna tell you later	but it's our game
but it's our game	i know, and, and i wanna be fair about it, so, i'll buy you out
i know, and, and i wanna be fair about it, so, i'll buy you out	buy me out?! what are you saying?! what makes you so high and
buy me out?! what are you saying?! what makes you so high and	don't put this all on me, kyle!
don't put this all on me, kyle!	oh my god this is so awesome
oh my god this is so awesome	you were the one that's been blowing off playing after
you were the one that's been blowing off playing after	i have been sick!
i have been sick!	look, the point is i'm never gonna break a million points
look, the point is i'm never gonna break a million points	i guess i didn't realize it was just about the points
i guess i didn't realize it was just about the points	dude, this game rules
dude, this game rules	let's just do this, all right? 
let's just do this, all right? 	hey! you're the kid i sold the guitar hero game to
hey! you're the kid i sold the guitar hero game to	it's okay, i guess
it's okay, i guess	yeah, guitar hero can be pretty stressful
yeah, guitar hero can be pretty stressful	huh?
huh?	have you ever heard of
have you ever heard of	hero-heroin hero?
hero-heroin hero?	ihit's a way easier game
ihit's a way easier game	and there's no score? no crowds?
and there's no score? no crowds?	no man
no man	chase me
chase me	dude, this is awesome
dude, this is awesome	how are they coming?
how are they coming?	no worries, mr
no worries, mr	they'd better be
they'd better be	ugh
ugh	dude, sup
dude, sup	yeah, i practiced last night! just shut up and play!  no no,
yeah, i practiced last night! just shut up and play!  no no,	stan, it's the song we all agreed you would play
stan, it's the song we all agreed you would play	yeah? well i changed my mind! we're changing the song to cheap
yeah? well i changed my mind! we're changing the song to cheap	no way
no way	yeah? well you're not the leader, are you, thad?! we play the
yeah? well you're not the leader, are you, thad?! we play the	stan, why are you so grumpy-grouchy?
stan, why are you so grumpy-grouchy?	we're playing what i want, and i'll select a different song!
we're playing what i want, and i'll select a different song!	yeah? well how about this one? i quite
yeah? well how about this one? i quite	you know what? that's great with me, thad, 'cause i don't need
you know what? that's great with me, thad, 'cause i don't need	stan, what is the matter with you?
stan, what is the matter with you?	i just wanna play alone, alright?! i can't concentrate with all
i just wanna play alone, alright?! i can't concentrate with all	what is this?
what is this?	man
man	are you playing heroin hero?
are you playing heroin hero?	just, just a little
just, just a little	no!  nobody plays heroin hero just a little! you know, you
no!  nobody plays heroin hero just a little! you know, you	i know, but it mellos me out, okay?!
i know, but it mellos me out, okay?!	you'd better pull your act together, because now you're gonna
you'd better pull your act together, because now you're gonna	no problem
no problem	hey, beat it, kid! we wanna play now!
hey, beat it, kid! we wanna play now!	i'm not done yet
i'm not done yet	hey, i know you
hey, i know you	no
no	yeah, sure
yeah, sure	how come you're playing here now?
how come you're playing here now?	look, just go ahead and play, alright?  leave me alone
look, just go ahead and play, alright?  leave me alone	you're good at that game, kid
you're good at that game, kid	yeah well, i can't really afford to play anymore anyway
yeah well, i can't really afford to play anymore anyway	well look, maybe i can use some extra music playing to this
well look, maybe i can use some extra music playing to this	i appreciate what you're trying to do, mick, but i ain't a
i appreciate what you're trying to do, mick, but i ain't a	ehhh, charity case eh, i'm just trying to help out a kid who's
ehhh, charity case eh, i'm just trying to help out a kid who's	thanks, mick
thanks, mick	catch me
catch me	marsh? stan, you got-  oh my god!  get up, stan! wake up!
marsh? stan, you got-  oh my god!  get up, stan! wake up!	huh? what, uh?
huh? what, uh?	you're going on in ten minutes! everybody's coming to see you!
you're going on in ten minutes! everybody's coming to see you!	the dragon
the dragon	you've gotta pull it together!  pull it together, goddammit!
you've gotta pull it together!  pull it together, goddammit!	thank you for coming to gamecraft arcade to watch stan marsh
thank you for coming to gamecraft arcade to watch stan marsh	go stan!
go stan!	all right, stan, you've got it, man!
all right, stan, you've got it, man!	yeah, stan!
yeah, stan!	dude, what's the matter with him?
dude, what's the matter with him?	he's been up for three days straight playing heroin hero
he's been up for three days straight playing heroin hero	goddamnit, he's a mess! 
goddamnit, he's a mess! 	oh man, i can't watch this
oh man, i can't watch this	what are you doing?! the video crowd is starting to boo! 
what are you doing?! the video crowd is starting to boo! 	come on guys
come on guys	the next time you bring me some talent, make sure they're
the next time you bring me some talent, make sure they're	you blew it! you had it all and you blew it! listen to that
you blew it! you had it all and you blew it! listen to that	there he is! so, did you break a million yet?
there he is! so, did you break a million yet?	no, i didn't break a million points and unlock superstardom,
no, i didn't break a million points and unlock superstardom,	aw, come on
aw, come on	i just wanna find something else to play
i just wanna find something else to play	have you played
have you played	i just want a nice, simple
i just want a nice, simple	sssure kid
sssure kid	all right, that was the splendifs
all right, that was the splendifs	"woke up to the sound of pouring rainthe wind would whisper and
"woke up to the sound of pouring rainthe wind would whisper and	kyle, could i just talk to you for like five minutes?
kyle, could i just talk to you for like five minutes?	what are you doing here? 
what are you doing here? 	please, ih ih, it won't take long
please, ih ih, it won't take long	goddamnit
goddamnit	i was listening to you for a while
i was listening to you for a while	oh, thank you! i was so eagerly awaiting your approval of my
oh, thank you! i was so eagerly awaiting your approval of my	look, kyle, the game is still set up at my house and, maybe we
look, kyle, the game is still set up at my house and, maybe we	oh, so the gallant knight now comes to rescue me from the
oh, so the gallant knight now comes to rescue me from the	that isn't it at all
that isn't it at all	you don't get it, stan! i can play here all i want
you don't get it, stan! i can play here all i want	i know
i know	it was pretty fun, wasn't it?
it was pretty fun, wasn't it?	yeah
yeah	look, i doubt we could break a million together anyway
look, i doubt we could break a million together anyway	i don't care
i don't care	i don't really see the fun in
i don't really see the fun in	what, you mean it?
what, you mean it?	i think we can do it, stan
i think we can do it, stan	then let's go, dude! 
then let's go, dude! 	oh wait
oh wait	go on, get out of here, kid
go on, get out of here, kid	thanks, mick! 
thanks, mick! 	all right, dude, let's do this
all right, dude, let's do this	ahhh, ahhhhhhh
ahhh, ahhhhhhh	come on, come on
come on, come on	aw goddammit! dad, get off our xbox!
aw goddammit! dad, get off our xbox!	hang on, i almost caught the dragon
hang on, i almost caught the dragon	hehe, you almost caught me
hehe, you almost caught me	no, me and kyle are gonna play guitar hero!
no, me and kyle are gonna play guitar hero!	i can get him! wait! where's he going now?
i can get him! wait! where's he going now?	you don't ever catch the dragon, dad! 
you don't ever catch the dragon, dad! 	noo! nooo i said! i am your father! put it back on!
noo! nooo i said! i am your father! put it back on!	mom, will you get dad out of here?
mom, will you get dad out of here?	stop cheating, craig! 
stop cheating, craig! 	how was that cheating!
how was that cheating!	'cause you tricked me, you black asshole!
'cause you tricked me, you black asshole!	fellas! fellas! they're gonna do it!
fellas! fellas! they're gonna do it!	what?
what?	stan and kyle! they're about to break a million on guitar hero,
stan and kyle! they're about to break a million on guitar hero,	oh, let's go! cone on, let's go!
oh, let's go! cone on, let's go!	they're gonna do it! 
they're gonna do it! 	they did it!
they did it!	oh my sweet j-jesus!
oh my sweet j-jesus!	you have played guitar hero enough to reach one million points!
you have played guitar hero enough to reach one million points!	that's it?
that's it?	goddammit! god dammit! 
goddammit! god dammit! 	butters, you wanna play me next? 
butters, you wanna play me next? 	heh, okay, but i get to be the one that betrays you after the
heh, okay, but i get to be the one that betrays you after the	fellas! fellas! it's- ohmygod! you're not gonna believe this!
fellas! fellas! it's- ohmygod! you're not gonna believe this!	dude, butters, calm down
dude, butters, calm down	okay
okay	so who do they say is the cutest?
so who do they say is the cutest?	i donno
i donno	who do they say is the ugliest?
who do they say is the ugliest?	i don't know
i don't know	they can't do that
they can't do that	yeah
yeah	if it's just looks then i think i'm safe
if it's just looks then i think i'm safe	you guys, who cares if the girls make some stupid list? girls
you guys, who cares if the girls make some stupid list? girls	yeah, kyle's right
yeah, kyle's right	you're just saying that because you know you're gonna be very
you're just saying that because you know you're gonna be very	oh please, i don't think so, craig! chicks think i'm way hotter
oh please, i don't think so, craig! chicks think i'm way hotter	you don't think they put the fat tub of tard at the bottom?
you don't think they put the fat tub of tard at the bottom?	no, because people know i'm not fat! i'm buff
no, because people know i'm not fat! i'm buff	(they didn't put me at the bottom, did they?)
(they didn't put me at the bottom, did they?)	kenny, face it: girls don't wanna pop tarts for dinner every
kenny, face it: girls don't wanna pop tarts for dinner every	you don't think they said i'm the ugliest boy in the class, do
you don't think they said i'm the ugliest boy in the class, do	you guys, do you really care what a bunch of girls have to say
you guys, do you really care what a bunch of girls have to say	all right, bebe, let's see the list
all right, bebe, let's see the list	what??
what??	you know what i'm talking about, bitch! the list where you rate
you know what i'm talking about, bitch! the list where you rate	that's not for boys to look at! it's a secret girl list and you
that's not for boys to look at! it's a secret girl list and you	craig is on the bottom, right? or is it kenny 'cause you'd be
craig is on the bottom, right? or is it kenny 'cause you'd be	i'm not
i'm not	fuck you bebe! fuck you bitch!
fuck you bebe! fuck you bitch!	well, i guess we're never gonna get that list from the girls
well, i guess we're never gonna get that list from the girls	screw that, dude! we're guys
screw that, dude! we're guys	all right, here's what we know
all right, here's what we know	neato!
neato!	at 1
at 1	o-kay!
o-kay!	once butters kicks her in the balls, she'll fall to the floor,
once butters kicks her in the balls, she'll fall to the floor,	ow! what'dja do that for?!  hey, what's your problem, asshole?! 
ow! what'dja do that for?!  hey, what's your problem, asshole?! 	bail, bail! 
bail, bail! 	okay, our mission failed, but we've learned a lot
okay, our mission failed, but we've learned a lot	they sure don't
they sure don't	never mind, because we are going to plan b, one that i call
never mind, because we are going to plan b, one that i call	you think maybe girls keep their balls on the inside of their
you think maybe girls keep their balls on the inside of their	butters, we're done talkin' about girls' balls right now! pay
butters, we're done talkin' about girls' balls right now! pay	we got it! we got it! 
we got it! we got it! 	we got the list from the girls! 
we got the list from the girls! 	give that back you dirty buttholes! 
give that back you dirty buttholes! 	tape it to the wall, kenny! jason, watch the door! 
tape it to the wall, kenny! jason, watch the door! 	all right, hurry! get it up there! let's see it!
all right, hurry! get it up there! let's see it!	hurry hurry!
hurry hurry!	whoa, what's this thing? where am i?
whoa, what's this thing? where am i?	what number am i on?
what number am i on?	is it set up?
is it set up?	it's listed in order from cutest to ugliest
it's listed in order from cutest to ugliest	me?  i'm the cutest? 
me?  i'm the cutest? 	and then token, and then me
and then token, and then me	i'm number two? wow
i'm number two? wow	come on, let me see!  oh boy! i'm number 11! whoopie! number
come on, let me see!  oh boy! i'm number 11! whoopie! number	ah! look at that! i'm hotter than you, fatso! 
ah! look at that! i'm hotter than you, fatso! 	what?! that's bullcrap! 
what?! that's bullcrap! 	(woohoo!) 
(woohoo!) 	oh, so big deal, guys! do you feel better now? clyde's the best
oh, so big deal, guys! do you feel better now? clyde's the best	you're last, dude! 
you're last, dude! 	no way
no way	yes way! check it out! 
yes way! check it out! 	cartman, lay off! you're next to last
cartman, lay off! you're next to last	so? i'm hotter than kyle
so? i'm hotter than kyle	i'm last? last?
i'm last? last?	dude, it's just a stupid list, remember?
dude, it's just a stupid list, remember?	i got voted the ugliest boy in the whole class?
i got voted the ugliest boy in the whole class?	who cares what dumb girls think, right? 
who cares what dumb girls think, right? 	mom, dad! i'm not the ugliest kid in the class! kyle broflovski
mom, dad! i'm not the ugliest kid in the class! kyle broflovski	well good for you, butters
well good for you, butters	way to go, champ
way to go, champ	whoopie! 
whoopie! 	well, guess we don't have to ground him
well, guess we don't have to ground him	kyle, what's the matter? you barely touched your knishes
kyle, what's the matter? you barely touched your knishes	the
the	wwwhat? that's ridiculous
wwwhat? that's ridiculous	llook, i know i'm not the best-looking guy in town, but i i
llook, i know i'm not the best-looking guy in town, but i i	you're not ugly, kyle
you're not ugly, kyle	oh god! i do?
oh god! i do?	but he has his mother's nose
but he has his mother's nose	ahahah!
ahahah!	kyle, you are very handsome and perfect in every way
kyle, you are very handsome and perfect in every way	ike, ike, you have to be honest
ike, ike, you have to be honest	kyle, come back here! 
kyle, come back here! 	i'm better-looking than you!  the girls think i'm
i'm better-looking than you!  the girls think i'm	hrrgh! 
hrrgh! 	dude, kyle
dude, kyle	clyde, it's time to be getting to bed
clyde, it's time to be getting to bed	hey, what's goin' on?  what's goin on? hey
hey, what's goin' on?  what's goin on? hey	hey, what's goin' on?
hey, what's goin' on?	hey clyde
hey clyde	hey
hey	hi clyde
hi clyde	what's goin' on? 
what's goin' on? 	hey ugly! 
hey ugly! 	hey, kyle
hey, kyle	oh, not much, just hanging around-
oh, not much, just hanging around-	hehehe
hehehe	butters, that's not cool, man
butters, that's not cool, man	kyle, i was going to suggest that maybe you should
kyle, i was going to suggest that maybe you should	hey
hey	hello
hello	are you going to eat your pickle? 
are you going to eat your pickle? 	could somebody toss the football back? its over there next to
could somebody toss the football back? its over there next to	i hate coming to this school
i hate coming to this school	yeah
yeah	sometimes i just want to burn it down
sometimes i just want to burn it down	no
no	we're not?
we're not?	no! maybe we all just need a little image change, you know?
no! maybe we all just need a little image change, you know?	hey yeah
hey yeah	like you! maybe you just need to let your hair down
like you! maybe you just need to let your hair down	i know, that song is so awesome
i know, that song is so awesome	uh wendy
uh wendy	of course, stan
of course, stan	just for a minute
just for a minute	you think he's gonna beg her to come back to him?
you think he's gonna beg her to come back to him?	this is a nice surprise
this is a nice surprise	yeah well, i wanna talk to you about this list you girls made
yeah well, i wanna talk to you about this list you girls made	which one? we make lists all the time
which one? we make lists all the time	the one where you rated the boys' looks in the class
the one where you rated the boys' looks in the class	look, personally, i didn't vote him the ugliest
look, personally, i didn't vote him the ugliest	so it wasn't unanimous
so it wasn't unanimous	change the list?! do you have any idea what that would take?!
change the list?! do you have any idea what that would take?!	can't we just talk to all the girls who made the list and find
can't we just talk to all the girls who made the list and find	all right, i'll try and get you into our next list-making
all right, i'll try and get you into our next list-making	today's list meeting is called to order
today's list meeting is called to order	if it pleases and sparkles i suggest we continue deliberations
if it pleases and sparkles i suggest we continue deliberations	rebecca moves we work on list 47d
rebecca moves we work on list 47d	sunshine
sunshine	deliberating "which girl has the cutest purse"? millie has the
deliberating "which girl has the cutest purse"? millie has the	if it pleases and sparkles, i would like to submit that 
if it pleases and sparkles, i would like to submit that 	i don't think anyone here disagrees that jennifer's purse is
i don't think anyone here disagrees that jennifer's purse is	the committee has already decided that nothing with stripes can
the committee has already decided that nothing with stripes can	sunshine sparkle wendy has the floor
sunshine sparkle wendy has the floor	if it pleases and sparkles, i would like to suggest that we
if it pleases and sparkles, i would like to suggest that we	what'd she say? she's gotta be kidding!
what'd she say? she's gotta be kidding!	is she crazy?
is she crazy?	all right, all right, come before the rainbow railing
all right, all right, come before the rainbow railing	go ahead
go ahead	aaah, i was just thinking that maybe you voted a little
aaah, i was just thinking that maybe you voted a little	you thought you should be number one?
you thought you should be number one?	no
no	let me assure you that no list is made hastily by this
let me assure you that no list is made hastily by this	he didn't mean that
he didn't mean that	i cannot by sparkle law move to have an old list investigated
i cannot by sparkle law move to have an old list investigated	sunshine
sunshine	they all laugh at me!  and the girls giggle behind my back! 
they all laugh at me!  and the girls giggle behind my back! 	do not burn down the school, kyle
do not burn down the school, kyle	who said that?
who said that?	i did
i did	abraham lincoln?
abraham lincoln?	i am abraham lincoln
i am abraham lincoln	naw, rebecca's just a friend
naw, rebecca's just a friend	now his life will be about girls
now his life will be about girls	but i can't wait to be an adult to be happy
but i can't wait to be an adult to be happy	you must be patient
you must be patient	just take me home! i don't wanna be here anymore! take me home!
just take me home! i don't wanna be here anymore! take me home!	very well
very well	kyle, you need to think about what i've told you
kyle, you need to think about what i've told you	i don't want to! i don't want anybody telling me how to feel
i don't want to! i don't want anybody telling me how to feel	well then you're just a fucking asshole! 
well then you're just a fucking asshole! 	wait a minute
wait a minute	i have no idea what you're talking about
i have no idea what you're talking about	it doesn't add up
it doesn't add up	oh, hey wendy
oh, hey wendy	hey rebecca
hey rebecca	oho wendy, we're done with that list
oho wendy, we're done with that list	i know, but i think there's been a mistake
i know, but i think there's been a mistake	all right, you need to stop
all right, you need to stop	that didn't sparkle with her, did it?
that didn't sparkle with her, did it?	one canister of propane, six cans of lighter fluid,  seven
one canister of propane, six cans of lighter fluid,  seven	that should just about do it
that should just about do it	do you like to put this on your true-value card today?
do you like to put this on your true-value card today?	nonorary chair, mrs
nonorary chair, mrs	why would she do that?
why would she do that?	right after the list was made, rebecca started going out with
right after the list was made, rebecca started going out with	you just couldn't let it go! 
you just couldn't let it go! 	uh, what do you mean? call the girls in
uh, what do you mean? call the girls in	i'm afraid we can't do that, wendy! 
i'm afraid we can't do that, wendy! 	did you know, wendy, that clyde's father own the shoe store at
did you know, wendy, that clyde's father own the shoe store at	you knew!
you knew!	unfortunately, the members voted clyde in the bottom five of
unfortunately, the members voted clyde in the bottom five of	so that you all could justify dating clyde and get shoes?! how
so that you all could justify dating clyde and get shoes?! how	bebe?! who do you think authorized the buyout?!
bebe?! who do you think authorized the buyout?!	no
no	she's dating clyde now
she's dating clyde now	what's going on?
what's going on?	when the other girls find out you ignored their votes, they're
when the other girls find out you ignored their votes, they're	do you really think they'll believe you over the heads of the
do you really think they'll believe you over the heads of the	do yourself a favor, wendy! just let it go! and keep your
do yourself a favor, wendy! just let it go! and keep your	i don't think so! 
i don't think so! 	aagh!
aagh!	stan, run!
stan, run!	jesus, dude! 
jesus, dude! 	hey, kid, have you seen kyle? we've looked everywhere and we
hey, kid, have you seen kyle? we've looked everywhere and we	he's burning down the school
he's burning down the school	what?
what?	he said he gonna burn the school down to the ground
he said he gonna burn the school down to the ground	all the cruel jokes and ridicule will finally be over! are you
all the cruel jokes and ridicule will finally be over! are you	kyle! kyle, don't!
kyle! kyle, don't!	don't try and stop me, stan! you don't know how it feels to be
don't try and stop me, stan! you don't know how it feels to be	the list was a forgery, kyle!
the list was a forgery, kyle!	huh??
huh??	it didn't sparkle with all the girls
it didn't sparkle with all the girls	that's about far enough!  give me that list, wendy!
that's about far enough!  give me that list, wendy!	stan, what is going on?!
stan, what is going on?!	it was about shoes, kyle
it was about shoes, kyle	kyle was simple a casualty! to move clyde meant that craig has
kyle was simple a casualty! to move clyde meant that craig has	so what number was i??
so what number was i??	you've compromised everything! our lists' integrity!
you've compromised everything! our lists' integrity!	did you seeee these shoes, wendy?!  they're incredible!
did you seeee these shoes, wendy?!  they're incredible!	it doesn't matter how incredible they are; you can't- oh my
it doesn't matter how incredible they are; you can't- oh my	right?
right?	is that a lace across the top?
is that a lace across the top?	no, it's a little strap
no, it's a little strap	wendy!
wendy!	oh, but it doesn't matter
oh, but it doesn't matter	if you hadn't gone all nancy drew on us, this would have just
if you hadn't gone all nancy drew on us, this would have just	she's gonna kill us?
she's gonna kill us?	it's too late, bebe
it's too late, bebe	oh please, you're lying
oh please, you're lying	give it up, bebe
give it up, bebe	wendy! 
wendy! 	(aah-) 
(aah-) 	wait, i, i didn't do anything wrong
wait, i, i didn't do anything wrong	you can explain all that downtown
you can explain all that downtown	here, kyle
here, kyle	are you sure you're okay with this, kyle?
are you sure you're okay with this, kyle?	i'm sure
i'm sure	
	stan, it's been really great hanging out with you again
stan, it's been really great hanging out with you again	yeah well, i guess a lot of things
yeah well, i guess a lot of things	line
line	ahhhhhh
ahhhhhh	well, there's no doubt about it
well, there's no doubt about it	what?
what?	uh, what exactly does that entail, doctor?
uh, what exactly does that entail, doctor?	it's a very simple operation
it's a very simple operation	no- no way
no- no way	oh, i thought you were a tough kid! you're not scared of
oh, i thought you were a tough kid! you're not scared of	no, i'm not scared
no, i'm not scared	well then i guess you don't want all the ice cream you get
well then i guess you don't want all the ice cream you get	
	it'd be a shame to have to give all that free ice cream to the
it'd be a shame to have to give all that free ice cream to the	what do you say, champ? think you can tough it out?
what do you say, champ? think you can tough it out?	well
well	poopsiekins, wake up
poopsiekins, wake up	uh
uh	that's right, you did it, poopsiekins!
that's right, you did it, poopsiekins!	its over! i didn't feel anything! you were right, mom!
its over! i didn't feel anything! you were right, mom!	i'm so proud of you, eric
i'm so proud of you, eric	all right, so where's my ice cream?
all right, so where's my ice cream?	oh, here's the doctors now! hi, doctor
oh, here's the doctors now! hi, doctor	you were right, doctor! everything is okay!
you were right, doctor! everything is okay!	no, it's not
no, it's not	
	what's that supposed to mean?!
what's that supposed to mean?!	during the tonsil surgery we had to supply you with donor
during the tonsil surgery we had to supply you with donor	i have aids?
i have aids?	not yet, but we've confirmed that you now have the virus that
not yet, but we've confirmed that you now have the virus that	"sorry"?! you gave me aids and you're "sorry"?!
"sorry"?! you gave me aids and you're "sorry"?!	oh, my poor little baby!
oh, my poor little baby!	mom, you said nothing would go wrong!
mom, you said nothing would go wrong!	oh god!  oh no!
oh god!  oh no!	no! no, this is a joke, right!? this is a joke; i can't have
no! no, this is a joke, right!? this is a joke; i can't have	we're going to do everything in our power to make this up to
we're going to do everything in our power to make this up to	fuck your ice cream! you said i'd be fine! you all said i'd be
fuck your ice cream! you said i'd be fine! you all said i'd be	oh, oh, my baby has hiv!
oh, oh, my baby has hiv!	no! noooooooo!
no! noooooooo!	thank you for coming, everyone
thank you for coming, everyone	boys, please take a seat
boys, please take a seat	what's going on? are we in trouble?
what's going on? are we in trouble?	boys, the reason we called you all in is because one of your
boys, the reason we called you all in is because one of your	
	oh no
oh no	he's been to several specialists after a botched blood
he's been to several specialists after a botched blood	cartman has hiv?
cartman has hiv?	we need everyone to understand you can't get the virus from
we need everyone to understand you can't get the virus from	excuse me
excuse me	all right, we're going to bring eric in now, and let's all be
all right, we're going to bring eric in now, and let's all be	eric? come on in, your friends want to say "hi", m'kay? 
eric? come on in, your friends want to say "hi", m'kay? 	
	how ya doin', eric? you know, i think you're a real special
how ya doin', eric? you know, i think you're a real special	god damn it, this sucks ass!
god damn it, this sucks ass!	
	poor kyle
poor kyle	is kyle laughing out there!? this isn't a time for funny jokes,
is kyle laughing out there!? this isn't a time for funny jokes,	no, you're not going to die, eric
no, you're not going to die, eric	not a big deal!? is that how everyone feels!? people need to
not a big deal!? is that how everyone feels!? people need to	we are here tonight to salute the bravery and the courage of
we are here tonight to salute the bravery and the courage of	where the hell is everybody? 
where the hell is everybody? 	excuse me, shouldn't we wait for everyone to arrive before we
excuse me, shouldn't we wait for everyone to arrive before we	this is everyone
this is everyone	great benefit, eric!
great benefit, eric!	the italian meatballs are fa-fantastic
the italian meatballs are fa-fantastic	so this is it?
so this is it?	i'm afraid aids benefits aren't as popular as they used to be
i'm afraid aids benefits aren't as popular as they used to be	well that's just great! of all the times to get aids, i get it
well that's just great! of all the times to get aids, i get it	with all of your help, we have raised over seventeen dollars
with all of your help, we have raised over seventeen dollars	just bring out elton john already!
just bring out elton john already!	uh we're sorry, elton couldn't make it
uh we're sorry, elton couldn't make it	it's all right, we got somebody better: jimmy buffett!
it's all right, we got somebody better: jimmy buffett!	jimmy buffett?!
jimmy buffett?!	hello everyone
hello everyone	nobody likes jimmy buffett except for frat boys and alcoholic
nobody likes jimmy buffett except for frat boys and alcoholic	a little boy in south parkdyin' of aids in the cold darkhow he
a little boy in south parkdyin' of aids in the cold darkhow he	fuck you, jimmy buffett! you fuckin' suck!
fuck you, jimmy buffett! you fuckin' suck!	ohoho poopsiekins, be nice
ohoho poopsiekins, be nice	fuck you mom, i have fucking aids!
fuck you mom, i have fucking aids!	hey guys, thanks a lot for comin' to my aids benefit yesterday
hey guys, thanks a lot for comin' to my aids benefit yesterday	oh dude, was that yesterday? we forgot
oh dude, was that yesterday? we forgot	yeah, you forgot
yeah, you forgot	well, did
well, did	
	i'm sorry
i'm sorry	no you don't!
no you don't!	i do
i do	if you really felt bad, you'd wipe that fucking smirk off your
if you really felt bad, you'd wipe that fucking smirk off your	i'm sorry
i'm sorry	jesus christ, can you believe that asshole?!
jesus christ, can you believe that asshole?!	he does feel bad for you, cartman; he just thinks it's
he does feel bad for you, cartman; he just thinks it's	ironic how?
ironic how?	well, you know, you're always such a dick and stuff, and, and
well, you know, you're always such a dick and stuff, and, and	oh, and what?! i deserve it?! is that what you think?!
oh, and what?! i deserve it?! is that what you think?!	not me! that's, uh, kinda what he thinks
not me! that's, uh, kinda what he thinks	nobody deserves this illness, stan, kenny! nobody! it's awful!
nobody deserves this illness, stan, kenny! nobody! it's awful!	oh, uh-okay, it's clear
oh, uh-okay, it's clear	all right, get that rope ready to hoist me up
all right, get that rope ready to hoist me up	okay, but
okay, but	kyle thinks that hiv is funny, so we're gonna make him look
kyle thinks that hiv is funny, so we're gonna make him look	i just uh
i just uh	butters, helping people who have aids is one of the most
butters, helping people who have aids is one of the most	i know, but are you sure kyle has to be taught a lesson?
i know, but are you sure kyle has to be taught a lesson?	i'm not just sure, butters
i'm not just sure, butters	oh yeah, uh-well i guess that's true
oh yeah, uh-well i guess that's true	all right, now get the rope up over that third rafter above the
all right, now get the rope up over that third rafter above the	wow, you really know what you're doing
wow, you really know what you're doing	yeah, i've sneaked into kyle's room lots of times
yeah, i've sneaked into kyle's room lots of times	wagh
wagh	there there, bubbe, you'll be okay
there there, bubbe, you'll be okay	no, it isn't strep
no, it isn't strep	oh, well there's a relief
oh, well there's a relief	
	no, why?
no, why?	little boy, have you been having unprotected anal sex?
little boy, have you been having unprotected anal sex?	what? no?!
what? no?!	doctor, what are you saying?
doctor, what are you saying?	we've run every test imaginable
we've run every test imaginable	what?
what?	hiv?
hiv?	it took us a long time to narrow it down, but there is no doubt
it took us a long time to narrow it down, but there is no doubt	no, that's impossible!
no, that's impossible!	little boy, are you sure you haven't taken it up the hoohoo
little boy, are you sure you haven't taken it up the hoohoo	no! no god damn it no! i'm telling you you're wrong! there,
no! no god damn it no! i'm telling you you're wrong! there,	kyle? kyle!
kyle? kyle!	pass me the ball!  pass me the ball, craig, you stupid asshole!
pass me the ball!  pass me the ball, craig, you stupid asshole!	i'm gonna kill you, cartman!
i'm gonna kill you, cartman!	kyle, what?!
kyle, what?!	what did he do?
what did he do?	why do i have hiv?!
why do i have hiv?!	
	oh, you have hiv, huh kyle? guess it isn't so funny now, is it?
oh, you have hiv, huh kyle? guess it isn't so funny now, is it?	what did you do?!
what did you do?!	nothing!
nothing!	then why did butters say he helped you sneak into my room last
then why did butters say he helped you sneak into my room last	oh nice, butters, you big tattle-tale
oh nice, butters, you big tattle-tale	tattle-tale?! do you know how serious this is?!
tattle-tale?! do you know how serious this is?!	well, kyle, maybe i was just trying to prove a p-
well, kyle, maybe i was just trying to prove a p-	aaaaaaa! 
aaaaaaa! 	kyle!
kyle!	here you go!  here you go! 
here you go!  here you go! 	hey! hey, that's enough! break it up, m'kay?!  break it up!
hey! hey, that's enough! break it up, m'kay?!  break it up!	all right, boys, now what is this fighting all about?
all right, boys, now what is this fighting all about?	he gave me aids!
he gave me aids!	what?
what?	he purposely infected me with his hiv virus!
he purposely infected me with his hiv virus!	is that true, eric? did you give kyle aids?
is that true, eric? did you give kyle aids?	well he was being a total dick! and he's a big tattle-tale and
well he was being a total dick! and he's a big tattle-tale and	did you infect kyle with the hiv virus, yes or no?!
did you infect kyle with the hiv virus, yes or no?!	kind of
kind of	eric, that is not appropriate behavior, m'kay? you cannot
eric, that is not appropriate behavior, m'kay? you cannot	that's right
that's right	i'm sorry
i'm sorry	an apology?!
an apology?!	you're sorry for what, eric?
you're sorry for what, eric?	i'm sorry for giving you aids, kyle
i'm sorry for giving you aids, kyle	that's better
that's better	
	kyle, the thing about tattlin' is, eh tattlin's bad
kyle, the thing about tattlin' is, eh tattlin's bad	a tattle-tale?! he infected me with aids!
a tattle-tale?! he infected me with aids!	see? he's tattling again
see? he's tattling again	well kyle, i guess we're even now
well kyle, i guess we're even now	i'm going to break everything that you own! 
i'm going to break everything that you own! 	what's that supposed to mean? kyle?  kyle, no! i apologized,
what's that supposed to mean? kyle?  kyle, no! i apologized,	kyle! kyle, hold on, you asshole!  what the fuck are you
kyle! kyle, hold on, you asshole!  what the fuck are you	there is no cure, you asshole!
there is no cure, you asshole!	no, no, listen, kyle! i'm on to something
no, no, listen, kyle! i'm on to something	what hope?!
what hope?!	break my xbox and you'll never know
break my xbox and you'll never know	you're lying!
you're lying!	no! no-al-, all right kyle! magic johnson, kyle! the key is
no! no-al-, all right kyle! magic johnson, kyle! the key is	magic johnson?
magic johnson?	he was a basketball player
he was a basketball player	so what?!
so what?!	so he got hiv like fifty years ago, and he's still totally
so he got hiv like fifty years ago, and he's still totally	you better! 'cause if you don't find a cure for hiv, i will
you better! 'cause if you don't find a cure for hiv, i will	my god
my god	we need two tickets to los angeles as soon as possible
we need two tickets to los angeles as soon as possible	los angeles
los angeles	ah, sir, you don't understand
ah, sir, you don't understand	
	don't you get it?! we are two pals afflicted with an illness,
don't you get it?! we are two pals afflicted with an illness,	oh please, no reason! i got aids from him!
oh please, no reason! i got aids from him!	oh, you boys are  like that, huh?
oh, you boys are  like that, huh?	no!
no!	are you sure you boys just don't have any cash?
are you sure you boys just don't have any cash?	we're not just sure, we're hiv-positive
we're not just sure, we're hiv-positive	uh, we sometimes offer free seats to cancer patients, but aids
uh, we sometimes offer free seats to cancer patients, but aids	forget it, all right?! we'll use another airline! one that
forget it, all right?! we'll use another airline! one that	we're so happy to help accommodate you brave boys
we're so happy to help accommodate you brave boys	oh uh, you know, all over cancer
oh uh, you know, all over cancer	i'm so sorry
i'm so sorry	yeah, well, at least  it's not as bad as having aids
yeah, well, at least  it's not as bad as having aids	hm, i don't know
hm, i don't know	no you wouldn't! look, shouldn't you be serving people drinks
no you wouldn't! look, shouldn't you be serving people drinks	don't
don't	i know
i know	magic
magic	thank you for seeing us, mr
thank you for seeing us, mr	you boys both have the virus? are you sure?
you boys both have the virus? are you sure?	we're not just sure, we're hiv-positive
we're not just sure, we're hiv-positive	will you stop it with that?! what part of this is funny to you?!
will you stop it with that?! what part of this is funny to you?!	kyle, we need to try to find a-
kyle, we need to try to find a-	what part of being infected with a deadly disease do you find
what part of being infected with a deadly disease do you find	i don't think it's funny, kyle
i don't think it's funny, kyle	then stop saying you're not just sure, you're hiv-positive! 
then stop saying you're not just sure, you're hiv-positive! 	well excuse me, kyle, for trying to keep some optimism, you
well excuse me, kyle, for trying to keep some optimism, you	knock it off! right now! this isn't funny! at all!
knock it off! right now! this isn't funny! at all!	are you sure?
are you sure?	yes!!
yes!!	are you hiv-positive?  aarrhh! ow, fuck, kyle!
are you hiv-positive?  aarrhh! ow, fuck, kyle!	boys, the truth is i don't know why my body is so resistant to
boys, the truth is i don't know why my body is so resistant to	well i've been thinking: maybe there's something you've come
well i've been thinking: maybe there's something you've come	well, not at all
well, not at all	the pool is over there , where i try to swim and stay in shape
the pool is over there , where i try to swim and stay in shape	but everyone tries that
but everyone tries that	sure
sure	just a pretty plain old ordinary bedroom
just a pretty plain old ordinary bedroom	dude
dude	oh, oh yeah, i- i don't trust banks
oh, oh yeah, i- i don't trust banks	you sleep with money
you sleep with money	yeah, i like to keep it close b- 
yeah, i like to keep it close b- 	it's incredible
it's incredible	my god
my god	the cash does seem to retrain the hiv cells from stabilizing
the cash does seem to retrain the hiv cells from stabilizing	now hold on! all the cash is doing is destabilizing the virus,
now hold on! all the cash is doing is destabilizing the virus,	well look, if being around lots of cash negatively affects the
well look, if being around lots of cash negatively affects the	then maybe enough cash shot directly into the bloodstream could
then maybe enough cash shot directly into the bloodstream could	i have enough cash for all three of us! we should give it a try!
i have enough cash for all three of us! we should give it a try!	na-noo, it's ridiculous
na-noo, it's ridiculous	these boys have shown us that a lot of impossible things can
these boys have shown us that a lot of impossible things can	their incredible friendship has brought a sparkle of hope to
their incredible friendship has brought a sparkle of hope to	wugh
wugh	i suppose we could try to distill magic's cash down to its
i suppose we could try to distill magic's cash down to its	yeah well, if there's a chance of being cured of this illness,
yeah well, if there's a chance of being cured of this illness,	let's hope to christ this works
let's hope to christ this works	wait a minute
wait a minute	all right!
all right!	they found the cure for aids!  the cure for aids!
they found the cure for aids!  the cure for aids!	what is it?
what is it?	large doses of concentrated cash!  get the media on the phone!
large doses of concentrated cash!  get the media on the phone!	all right!
all right!	scientists have just discovered the cure
scientists have just discovered the cure	hey! they just found the cure for aids! you just have to inject
hey! they just found the cure for aids! you just have to inject	i am pleased to announce that there is no trace of the hiv
i am pleased to announce that there is no trace of the hiv	oh stop! we're not friends! he's the one who infected me with
oh stop! we're not friends! he's the one who infected me with	these two brave lovers found the cure and helped the world
these two brave lovers found the cure and helped the world	what?! aw, no!
what?! aw, no!	cureburger in paradise!cureburger
cureburger in paradise!cureburger	what?! aw, god damn it!  well i'll tell you this, kyle
what?! aw, god damn it!  well i'll tell you this, kyle	i'm still breaking your xbox
i'm still breaking your xbox	what? no
what? no	live, from chicago, illinois, it's decision 2008
live, from chicago, illinois, it's decision 2008	good evening and welcome to the political debate between
good evening and welcome to the political debate between	ugh, dad, can we please not watch this?
ugh, dad, can we please not watch this?	this is important, stanley!  you boys should care about this
this is important, stanley!  you boys should care about this	yeah, but we totally don't
yeah, but we totally don't	well you boys are gonna sit and watch this! this is what really
well you boys are gonna sit and watch this! this is what really	and so, mr
and so, mr	well, my opinion is that-
well, my opinion is that-	we interrupt this debate for an emergency news bulletin!
we interrupt this debate for an emergency news bulletin!	man
man	oh-oh boy, what's she done now?
oh-oh boy, what's she done now?	britney spears has been spotted camping in the colorado
britney spears has been spotted camping in the colorado	ron, i'm standing in south mark, colorado, where britney spears
ron, i'm standing in south mark, colorado, where britney spears	aw dude, that's our town!
aw dude, that's our town!	ms
ms	she's such a train wreck!
she's such a train wreck!	when the photo is enhanced, ron, you can see the poor little
when the photo is enhanced, ron, you can see the poor little	this must be very embarrassing for britney that this photo got
this must be very embarrassing for britney that this photo got	that's right, ron, she really chubbed up
that's right, ron, she really chubbed up	aw, poor girl
aw, poor girl	hey sharon, britney peed on a ladybug
hey sharon, britney peed on a ladybug	the photograph was taken by brian willis of bailey, colorado ,
the photograph was taken by brian willis of bailey, colorado ,	a hundred thousand dollars?
a hundred thousand dollars?	that's enough to buy slaves!
that's enough to buy slaves!	britney is said to be now hiding out in a south park motel
britney is said to be now hiding out in a south park motel	
	did you guys hear that?! a hundred thousand dollars for a
did you guys hear that?! a hundred thousand dollars for a	and she's at a hotel in our town
and she's at a hotel in our town	it's gotta be the komfort inn
it's gotta be the komfort inn	sweet!
sweet!	hey, hanguh, hang on, fellas, don't you think britney's been
hey, hanguh, hang on, fellas, don't you think britney's been	butters, don't be such a pussy
butters, don't be such a pussy	hokay
hokay	a hundred thousand for a picture of britney peeing on a
a hundred thousand for a picture of britney peeing on a	well this costume was supposed to be for the easter musical,
well this costume was supposed to be for the easter musical,	oh no
oh no	excuse us, we're trying to get a picture of britney spears!
excuse us, we're trying to get a picture of britney spears!	join the club
join the club	yeah, all you amateur photographers are makin' this tougher on
yeah, all you amateur photographers are makin' this tougher on	we're professionals too, you fuckin' butthole! 
we're professionals too, you fuckin' butthole! 	ah ah, nobody goes upstairs
ah ah, nobody goes upstairs	we uh, we have special permission?
we uh, we have special permission?	yeah, don't you recognize us? we're britney spears' kids
yeah, don't you recognize us? we're britney spears' kids	you are?
you are?	not me! i'm a squirrel!
not me! i'm a squirrel!	but now everybody thinks i hate ladybugs
but now everybody thinks i hate ladybugs	excuse me, ms
excuse me, ms	my boys? really? send them in
my boys? really? send them in	we did it guys!
we did it guys!	i told you that would work!
i told you that would work!	yehehahah, all right!
yehehahah, all right!	ahall right!
ahall right!	you mean, it was just a joke? my kids ain't here?
you mean, it was just a joke? my kids ain't here?	all right
all right	i ain't doin' it! we tricked her and it wasn't nice!
i ain't doin' it! we tricked her and it wasn't nice!	butters, do you want your share of the hundred thousand dollars
butters, do you want your share of the hundred thousand dollars	you're never gonna leave me alone, are you?
you're never gonna leave me alone, are you?	it ain't right to take advantage of somebody no matter who they
it ain't right to take advantage of somebody no matter who they	all right, fine! we don't need you, butters!
all right, fine! we don't need you, butters!	yeah, we'll just get a picture of her doing something else
yeah, we'll just get a picture of her doing something else	all right lady, just flash us your crotch or somethin'
all right lady, just flash us your crotch or somethin'	i've got a better idea
i've got a better idea	you do?
you do?	yeah
yeah	no! 
no! 	you killed her! 
you killed her! 	hey, everything all right u-
hey, everything all right u-	paging dr
paging dr	we should have just left her alone
we should have just left her alone	how could we know she would
how could we know she would	she's
she's	whew
whew	oh, thank god
oh, thank god	but, we almost lost her
but, we almost lost her	doctor, could we talk to her for a minute?
doctor, could we talk to her for a minute?	i don't want you making her upset
i don't want you making her upset	we don't wanna upset her, we just want to tell her that we're
we don't wanna upset her, we just want to tell her that we're	all right
all right	ms
ms	oh my god!
oh my god!	oh no!
oh no!	the boys are just shocked at how good you look, britney
the boys are just shocked at how good you look, britney	oh, yeah
oh, yeah	well, i'll let you boys have your say
well, i'll let you boys have your say	ms
ms	oh, god, what have we done?!
oh, god, what have we done?!	it's britney watch! keeping you up-to-date with all your
it's britney watch! keeping you up-to-date with all your	you won't believe what britney's done now
you won't believe what britney's done now	o ho ho, oh houch, that's gotta be embarrassing
o ho ho, oh houch, that's gotta be embarrassing	no word yet, tom, but it could be over the embarrassment of the
no word yet, tom, but it could be over the embarrassment of the	dude! 
dude! 	damn it, she can't handle any stress right now!
damn it, she can't handle any stress right now!	excuse me, i'm britney spears' manager
excuse me, i'm britney spears' manager	guglo
guglo	well, it's a ballsy new look, i'll give you that
well, it's a ballsy new look, i'll give you that	brit! over here, brit
brit! over here, brit	damn it you have to take her out of here; she can't be around
damn it you have to take her out of here; she can't be around	right
right	yeah, of course
yeah, of course	okay, come on!  my car is right here
okay, come on!  my car is right here	hey look!
hey look!	there she is! 
there she is! 	oh crap! 
oh crap! 	jesus christ!
jesus christ!	yeah yeah, it's like this all the time
yeah yeah, it's like this all the time	look, uh, we feel really bad, and, and we wanna help britney
look, uh, we feel really bad, and, and we wanna help britney	that's great, boys
that's great, boys	what?!
what?!	all right, britney, let's take it from the top
all right, britney, let's take it from the top	excuse me, is this really what you think she should be doing
excuse me, is this really what you think she should be doing	all right, brit, let's try it from the top
all right, brit, let's try it from the top	god, what a train wreck
god, what a train wreck	she must be stoned again
she must be stoned again	would you put a stop to this, please? this is only gonna make
would you put a stop to this, please? this is only gonna make	whattaya mean? she sounds great
whattaya mean? she sounds great	gogehah
gogehah	e-la-tion
e-la-tion	egeul-gageol
egeul-gageol	gah, she's so stupid
gah, she's so stupid	what do you expect?! look at her! she doesn't have most of her
what do you expect?! look at her! she doesn't have most of her	i know
i know	no, i mean, she literally doesn't have most of her brain! her
no, i mean, she literally doesn't have most of her brain! her	yeah
yeah	okel?
okel?	live, from las vegas, it's the mtv video music awards
live, from las vegas, it's the mtv video music awards	what's up, y'all? it's the mtv awards and we are kickin' it off
what's up, y'all? it's the mtv awards and we are kickin' it off	aw come on now, people! 
aw come on now, people! 	oh my god, she's really gotten chubby
oh my god, she's really gotten chubby	the way she fee-els
the way she fee-els	oh man, she's totally lip-syncing
oh man, she's totally lip-syncing	she doesn't have any lips!
she doesn't have any lips!	temporary
temporary	disaster at the mtv awards
disaster at the mtv awards	don't listen to 'em, brit! they're all just jealous
don't listen to 'em, brit! they're all just jealous	we have to get her away from all this, dude
we have to get her away from all this, dude	dude, where in the world can britney spears go where nobody
dude, where in the world can britney spears go where nobody	i know where
i know where	we want three tickets to the north pole
we want three tickets to the north pole	the north pole?  who the hell goes to the north pole?
the north pole?  who the hell goes to the north pole?	we do
we do	it's britney wowtch!
it's britney wowtch!	a distraught britney spears has apparently disappeared and
a distraught britney spears has apparently disappeared and	britney is obviously very upset about her mtv performance, ron,
britney is obviously very upset about her mtv performance, ron,	oooooh, ouch!
oooooh, ouch!	oh boy, now, leslie, this seems like a really bad camel toe
oh boy, now, leslie, this seems like a really bad camel toe	absolutely major camel toe, tracy
absolutely major camel toe, tracy	eh, david, any idea as to how big the camel toe actually was? 
eh, david, any idea as to how big the camel toe actually was? 	she was sportin' toe like never before, brian
she was sportin' toe like never before, brian	those close to britney say they are very worried and want to
those close to britney say they are very worried and want to	the giant squirrel which was picked up last week by animal
the giant squirrel which was picked up last week by animal	hm, that squirrel is obviously nuts
hm, that squirrel is obviously nuts	platform 4f
platform 4f	there she is! it's britney! 
there she is! it's britney! 	oh no
oh no	dude, they're never gonna let us through
dude, they're never gonna let us through	yes they are! i have an idea
yes they are! i have an idea	britney? where'd she go?
britney? where'd she go?	there she is! 
there she is! 	it's okay, you'll be in the north pole soon
it's okay, you'll be in the north pole soon	there she is
there she is	hey, wait a minute
hey, wait a minute	i'm not britney spears, all right?!
i'm not britney spears, all right?!	ooo, psych!
ooo, psych!	she must be back at the train station; come on! 
she must be back at the train station; come on! 	now, wait a minute! everyone just stop for one minute!  look,
now, wait a minute! everyone just stop for one minute!  look,	son, you don't seem to understand
son, you don't seem to understand	huh? 
huh? 	what do you think all this effort has been for?
what do you think all this effort has been for?	it cannot be stopped
it cannot be stopped	she must
she must	hetus
hetus	little stanley was tired and hungry
little stanley was tired and hungry	you doing okay, ms
you doing okay, ms	it's her
it's her	hello, i'm bob summers, so happy you picked our little town
hello, i'm bob summers, so happy you picked our little town	what is going on?! why do you want britney spears to die?!
what is going on?! why do you want britney spears to die?!	well nobody wants her to die, little boy
well nobody wants her to die, little boy	no!
no!	look, kid, throughout history people have found it necessary to
look, kid, throughout history people have found it necessary to	in ancient times, humans would commonly pick one lovely girl,
in ancient times, humans would commonly pick one lovely girl,	we like to think we're more civilized now, but the truth is our
we like to think we're more civilized now, but the truth is our	only difference is that now we like to watch people put to
only difference is that now we like to watch people put to	it's a damn shame too
it's a damn shame too	stonin' to death was too violent
stonin' to death was too violent	you mean everyone has been wanting britney spears to kill
you mean everyone has been wanting britney spears to kill	britney was chosen a long time ago, to be built up and adored,
britney was chosen a long time ago, to be built up and adored,	all right, everyone's about here
all right, everyone's about here	who's everyone?! who all is in on this?!
who's everyone?! who all is in on this?!	hey, where are we? this isn't right
hey, where are we? this isn't right	oh no!
oh no!	ohhh thoooo!
ohhh thoooo!	come on, britney!  come on, come on! 
come on, britney!  come on, come on! 	mom, dad!  they're gonna kill her! they're going to in-
mom, dad!  they're gonna kill her! they're going to in-	it's okay, kyle
it's okay, kyle	be a good boy? you know all about this?
be a good boy? you know all about this?	kyle, what the fuck is going on now?
kyle, what the fuck is going on now?	she's been built up to be sacrificed, stan!
she's been built up to be sacrificed, stan!	sacrificed? for what?
sacrificed? for what?	for harvest, stanley
for harvest, stanley	sacrifice in march, corn have plenty starch
sacrifice in march, corn have plenty starch	corn harvest!
corn harvest!	we haven't told you about it, stanley, because we, we like to
we haven't told you about it, stanley, because we, we like to	all right, enough already! this has all gone on long enough!
all right, enough already! this has all gone on long enough!	the kid is right
the kid is right	yeah
yeah	and harvest is coming soon
and harvest is coming soon	all right, folks, let's finish this quickly
all right, folks, let's finish this quickly	no wait
no wait	come on, hurry up
come on, hurry up	i can't run
i can't run	here davey
here davey	hold on
hold on	she's dead
she's dead	well, i think it's time for us to leave the poor girl alone
well, i think it's time for us to leave the poor girl alone	mornin' bill
mornin' bill	mornin' gil
mornin' gil	nice-lookin' corn
nice-lookin' corn	hey sharon, randy, great harvest, huh? 
hey sharon, randy, great harvest, huh? 	an incredible harvest
an incredible harvest	she's the daughter of a country singer, and the young girl has
she's the daughter of a country singer, and the young girl has	hey, check it out! 
hey, check it out! 	looks like next harvest will be even better
looks like next harvest will be even better	m'kay, kids, we have something very serious we need to discuss
m'kay, kids, we have something very serious we need to discuss	you can get high from choking yourself? 
you can get high from choking yourself? 	schoolchildren are often experimenting with dangerous ways to
schoolchildren are often experimenting with dangerous ways to	mm-my cousin's in florida, and said kids in their school get
mm-my cousin's in florida, and said kids in their school get	cat pee? 
cat pee? 	that's not true
that's not true	well, it's a it's not actually cat urine, but male cats, when
well, it's a it's not actually cat urine, but male cats, when	all right, this should keep my cat in place while he spreads
all right, this should keep my cat in place while he spreads	you guys are wasting your time
you guys are wasting your time	yeah, this is not gonna work
yeah, this is not gonna work	okay, ready kenny?
okay, ready kenny?	(all set
(all set	all right, bring out
all right, bring out	(ow
(ow	whoa! 
whoa! 	do you feel anything?
do you feel anything?	well, kenny? are you buzzed? 
well, kenny? are you buzzed? 	(hey cool! check it out!)
(hey cool! check it out!)	i see that you're enticed by my daughter's awesome rocking tits
i see that you're enticed by my daughter's awesome rocking tits	(yeahhh!)
(yeahhh!)	then bathe with my daughter in the fountain of varnov
then bathe with my daughter in the fountain of varnov	(okay
(okay	kenny! kenny, wake up!  wake up, kenny! you all right? kenny!
kenny! kenny, wake up!  wake up, kenny! you all right? kenny!	(what?)  (where'd she go?) 
(what?)  (where'd she go?) 	dude, that cat urine really fucked you up
dude, that cat urine really fucked you up	(you fucking asshole!)
(you fucking asshole!)	agh, kenny! knock it off! what's wrong with you?
agh, kenny! knock it off! what's wrong with you?	(what the fuck did you do that for?)
(what the fuck did you do that for?)	ah, kenny! 
ah, kenny! 	dude! dude, kenny, calm down!
dude! dude, kenny, calm down!	(oh, i was so close! you should have seen those titties
(oh, i was so close! you should have seen those titties	what titties?
what titties?	(the titties! oh my god, they were incredible!)
(the titties! oh my god, they were incredible!)	kenny, all you did after the cat peed in your face was start
kenny, all you did after the cat peed in your face was start	yeah, and then you ran through town screaming and started
yeah, and then you ran through town screaming and started	(i almost
(i almost	dude, i don't think we should be messing around with that crap
dude, i don't think we should be messing around with that crap	next on fox news!  it's the newest drug craze
next on fox news!  it's the newest drug craze	killing our kids? 
killing our kids? 	all over america, kids are getting high
all over america, kids are getting high	we sometimes sneak out during recess and a friend named
we sometimes sneak out during recess and a friend named	oh my god! sheila! come look at this!
oh my god! sheila! come look at this!	so how can you tell if your child is cheesing? 1
so how can you tell if your child is cheesing? 1	kids are doing this?
kids are doing this?	kids do it because it's legal
kids do it because it's legal	we have to protect our children from this, sheila
we have to protect our children from this, sheila	twenty percent of american students aged six to twelve say they
twenty percent of american students aged six to twelve say they	all right, we're all sufficiently scared, gerald, but what
all right, we're all sufficiently scared, gerald, but what	i have written up a bill that would make having a cat illegal
i have written up a bill that would make having a cat illegal	gerald's right
gerald's right	with my super lawyer powers, we can rid our town of cats, so
with my super lawyer powers, we can rid our town of cats, so	let's hear it for gerald!
let's hear it for gerald!	hooray for gerald! 
hooray for gerald! 	no! no!
no! no!	oh wah wah! get over it, druggie
oh wah wah! get over it, druggie	goodbye, scrambles
goodbye, scrambles	got two here
got two here	(hey! what the hell are you doing?!)
(hey! what the hell are you doing?!)	sorry, these are illegal
sorry, these are illegal	(what?! no! what are you doing?!)  (you fuckers!) 
(what?! no! what are you doing?!)  (you fuckers!) 	look, i told you, i had a cat
look, i told you, i had a cat	guys, have you seen kenny?
guys, have you seen kenny?	nah, i think kenny's out sick today
nah, i think kenny's out sick today	yeah, and he was out sick yesterday too
yeah, and he was out sick yesterday too	aww, come on
aww, come on	yeah, and where is he gonna find cats anyway? they've been
yeah, and where is he gonna find cats anyway? they've been	yeah, who has cats these days? 
yeah, who has cats these days? 	pot's illegal too, but people still manage to find it
pot's illegal too, but people still manage to find it	(woohoohoo! woooohoooo! woooohoohoo!)
(woohoohoo! woooohoooo! woooohoohoo!)	kenny? 
kenny? 	kenny, you home? 
kenny, you home? 	(wooooooooo! woo! wazzup? wazzup?) 
(wooooooooo! woo! wazzup? wazzup?) 	kenny!
kenny!	(wazzup? ho-ho! wooooooo!)
(wazzup? ho-ho! wooooooo!)	whoa boy, he's cheesed out of his mind! 
whoa boy, he's cheesed out of his mind! 	kenny!
kenny!	there you go
there you go	kenny, we need to have a serious talk
kenny, we need to have a serious talk	(no we don't, guys
(no we don't, guys	yes, we do
yes, we do	(i'm not ruining my life, okay, you god damned fucking psychos
(i'm not ruining my life, okay, you god damned fucking psychos	look at yourself! you've got to lay off the cheese! 
look at yourself! you've got to lay off the cheese! 	yeah, that's it little buddy
yeah, that's it little buddy	kenny, i know we're super-cool and everything, but if we ever
kenny, i know we're super-cool and everything, but if we ever	(oh okay, okay, i just wanna sleep now
(oh okay, okay, i just wanna sleep now	yeah, he needs some sleepy night-night, doesn't he, buddy?
yeah, he needs some sleepy night-night, doesn't he, buddy?	we've gotta keep this away from him
we've gotta keep this away from him	mr
mr	all right
all right	huh?  oh my god
huh?  oh my god	kyle! kyle, can we talk to you for a minute, please?
kyle! kyle, can we talk to you for a minute, please?	yeah?
yeah?	kyle, have you been getting high?!
kyle, have you been getting high?!	no
no	then why did your mother find this  in your dresser drawer?!
then why did your mother find this  in your dresser drawer?!	all right, look, th-that isn't mine
all right, look, th-that isn't mine	don't lie to us, kyle!
don't lie to us, kyle!	how long have you been on the cheese?!
how long have you been on the cheese?!	i'm not cheesing
i'm not cheesing	get up to your room right now until your mother and i figure
get up to your room right now until your mother and i figure	dad, will you just listen to me for a second?
dad, will you just listen to me for a second?	now, kyle!
now, kyle!	god! 
god! 	gerald, what are we gonna do? our son is a cat pee addict!
gerald, what are we gonna do? our son is a cat pee addict!	first thing is we've gotta dispose of this!
first thing is we've gotta dispose of this!	what are you gonna do?
what are you gonna do?	i'd better just
i'd better just	no
no	i couldn't stay away
i couldn't stay away	who is it?!
who is it?!	please! open the door
please! open the door	hiding cats?  why, that would be illegal
hiding cats?  why, that would be illegal	you don't understand  my little nishka,  she has nowhere else
you don't understand  my little nishka,  she has nowhere else	oh oh no no, i cannot possibly take in another
oh oh no no, i cannot possibly take in another	but they will find him
but they will find him	i've already taken in the andersons' cats, and the willinskys'
i've already taken in the andersons' cats, and the willinskys'	oh, you show such kindness in such darkest of times
oh, you show such kindness in such darkest of times	what the hell?  kenny, get out of here!
what the hell?  kenny, get out of here!	(woooooh! woooooh!) 
(woooooh! woooooh!) 	aw, crap- kenny!  bad
aw, crap- kenny!  bad	dad! somebody's at the front door!  well am i grounded or not?!
dad! somebody's at the front door!  well am i grounded or not?!	dude, we've got a big problem
dude, we've got a big problem	he's cheesing his fucking balls off, dude
he's cheesing his fucking balls off, dude	what?
what?	he apparently got to all the cats cartman's been hiding in his
he apparently got to all the cats cartman's been hiding in his	what are you doing with cats in your attic, fatass?!
what are you doing with cats in your attic, fatass?!	they're innocent victims in this, kyle! they have to hide or
they're innocent victims in this, kyle! they have to hide or	come on, we've gotta find kenny before he hurts himself
come on, we've gotta find kenny before he hurts himself	i can't
i can't	hey everybody
hey everybody	hold! you cannot yet caress my daughter's awesome boobage!
hold! you cannot yet caress my daughter's awesome boobage!	huh
huh	there is
there is	what?  get out of here, kid!
what?  get out of here, kid!	(no, fuck you! she's my girl!)
(no, fuck you! she's my girl!)	you're too young for this stuff!
you're too young for this stuff!	this must be decided at the breastriary in nippopolis! 
this must be decided at the breastriary in nippopolis! 	now fight for the loc-nar trophy! 
now fight for the loc-nar trophy! 	dad? dad! what the hell are you doing?!
dad? dad! what the hell are you doing?!	they've been goin' at it for a good thirty minutes
they've been goin' at it for a good thirty minutes	she's mine, you little asshole!
she's mine, you little asshole!	(get the fuck off of me!)
(get the fuck off of me!)	gerald?!
gerald?!	the key proponent of the cat ban has been charged with cheesing
the key proponent of the cat ban has been charged with cheesing	i would like to address a personal matter: i have let myself
i would like to address a personal matter: i have let myself	don't touch me
don't touch me	and to the people of south park
and to the people of south park	what the hell is he talking about?
what the hell is he talking about?	i have no idea
i have no idea	and then you fight the boob goblin in the gazongas cave, and
and then you fight the boob goblin in the gazongas cave, and	and you never really get a good look at her naked boobs anyway
and you never really get a good look at her naked boobs anyway	problem is, the more you into that world, the more you need to
problem is, the more you into that world, the more you need to	(yeah
(yeah	cats aren't the problem
cats aren't the problem	uh okay, that's probably good, gerald
uh okay, that's probably good, gerald	the point is, i was wrong
the point is, i was wrong	scrambles! so good to have you back! you ain't sore at us, are
scrambles! so good to have you back! you ain't sore at us, are	i'm sure glad that's over with
i'm sure glad that's over with	(me too
(me too	but you know, we've all learned something, you guys
but you know, we've all learned something, you guys	and you don't see any parallel between that and anything else
and you don't see any parallel between that and anything else	mmmmmmmmmm nope
mmmmmmmmmm nope	you guys! check it out
you guys! check it out	yeah
yeah	dude, he's getting super-wasted on life
dude, he's getting super-wasted on life	kenny! 
kenny! 	what the hell kind of flowers are those?
what the hell kind of flowers are those?	kenny? kenny?!
kenny? kenny?!	students, quiet please, m'kay? as you may or may not know,
students, quiet please, m'kay? as you may or may not know,	oh god, i'm bored already
oh god, i'm bored already	m'kay, so we've been asked to show you a video from the world
m'kay, so we've been asked to show you a video from the world	hello, i am stephen abootman, president of the world canadian
hello, i am stephen abootman, president of the world canadian	gayness! 
gayness! 	that's right: spirit! what is it that makes canada so important?
that's right: spirit! what is it that makes canada so important?	nothing! 
nothing! 	my fellow canadians, for too long we have been pushed around,
my fellow canadians, for too long we have been pushed around,	nobody takes us canadians seriousleh!
nobody takes us canadians seriousleh!	it's like the world doesn't respect canada at all, eh?
it's like the world doesn't respect canada at all, eh?	that's right! and i think it's time for canada to show the
that's right! and i think it's time for canada to show the	did you say strike?
did you say strike?	yes! every canadian join me! join together!
yes! every canadian join me! join together!	canada, on strike
canada, on strike	canada, on strike
canada, on strike	canadaaa! canadaaa! canadaaa! caaanaaadaaa!canada on strike!
canadaaa! canadaaa! canadaaa! caaanaaadaaa!canada on strike!	can all just take a hike! 
can all just take a hike! 	it's canaada! on strike!canada on strike! from vancouver to st
it's canaada! on strike!canada on strike! from vancouver to st	that's right, suck my canadian balls!it's canada! on strike!
that's right, suck my canadian balls!it's canada! on strike!	it's canada! canada! canada! on strike!
it's canada! canada! canada! on strike!	ahhh, when you say "canada is on strike", what exactly do you
ahhh, when you say "canada is on strike", what exactly do you	what do you think it means?!  we're striking, buddih! no more!
what do you think it means?!  we're striking, buddih! no more!	who exactly are you to authorize this strike?
who exactly are you to authorize this strike?	i'm stephen abootman! leader of the wga!
i'm stephen abootman! leader of the wga!	the wga?
the wga?	yes! the world canadian bureau! 
yes! the world canadian bureau! 	what exactly does canada want?
what exactly does canada want?	we want: more
we want: more	yeah! more money!
yeah! more money!	more money from where?
more money from where?	just more money! you know! canada doesn't get enough money!
just more money! you know! canada doesn't get enough money!	yeah! give us internet money!
yeah! give us internet money!	a mister a- abootman, you seem to- not understand how 
a mister a- abootman, you seem to- not understand how 	don't give me that fat-cat fancy lip-wiggling! are you gonna
don't give me that fat-cat fancy lip-wiggling! are you gonna	i'm afraid we can't
i'm afraid we can't	then you leave canada no choice
then you leave canada no choice	"honk if you support canada" he- hey honey, watch this
"honk if you support canada" he- hey honey, watch this	oh, we're supporting unions
oh, we're supporting unions	that's right; we're a very progressive couple
that's right; we're a very progressive couple	yes
yes	well we've done our good deed for the week
well we've done our good deed for the week	oh really? goodie! 
oh really? goodie! 	guys, i'm really worried about my brother
guys, i'm really worried about my brother	we don't care
we don't care	you should care! this strike affects everybody, fatass!
you should care! this strike affects everybody, fatass!	sh ush ush, it'sa it's on!
sh ush ush, it'sa it's on!	yippie!
yippie!	it's the terrance and phillip show
it's the terrance and phillip show	aww, this one again?!
aww, this one again?!	god, they've replayed this one like eighty times now!
god, they've replayed this one like eighty times now!	say phillip, i just bought this new hybrid car
say phillip, i just bought this new hybrid car	oh? does it run on electricity?
oh? does it run on electricity?	no, it uses natural gas
no, it uses natural gas	not as fat as your face!
not as fat as your face!	huh, it somehow loses its punch after multiple viewings
huh, it somehow loses its punch after multiple viewings	god damn it, when are they going to air new terrance and
god damn it, when are they going to air new terrance and	there aren't gonna be new shows! don't you get it?! terrance
there aren't gonna be new shows! don't you get it?! terrance	it's not a big deal
it's not a big deal	you think that's bad? remember the time i sang "la cucaracha"
you think that's bad? remember the time i sang "la cucaracha"	no! nooo!
no! nooo!	la cucaracha-  we are not
la cucaracha-  we are not	we want more! we want more!
we want more! we want more!	one, two, three, four, canada deserves more (money)! one, two,
one, two, three, four, canada deserves more (money)! one, two,	look, buddih, me and phillip need to go home for a bit
look, buddih, me and phillip need to go home for a bit	go home?! you can't leave the picket line!
go home?! you can't leave the picket line!	but this is taking too long, and phillip is diabetic
but this is taking too long, and phillip is diabetic	look, guy, we are to stay strong! if you don't stand with your
look, guy, we are to stay strong! if you don't stand with your	don't call me a rat, buddih!
don't call me a rat, buddih!	i'm not your buddih, friend!
i'm not your buddih, friend!	he's not your friend, guy!
he's not your friend, guy!	i'm not your guy, buddih!
i'm not your guy, buddih!	he's not your buddih, friend!
he's not your buddih, friend!	i'm not your friend, guy!  don't you two understand anything?!
i'm not your friend, guy!  don't you two understand anything?!	yah, you think this is funnih?
yah, you think this is funnih?	don't you see that we have to stand together or else we have
don't you see that we have to stand together or else we have	stephen! stephen! a call came in from the united states! they
stephen! stephen! a call came in from the united states! they	what did i tell you?! i told you we'd get to them sooner or
what did i tell you?! i told you we'd get to them sooner or	uh, hi, we want you to end this strike
uh, hi, we want you to end this strike	oh you do, huh?!  they've had enough
oh you do, huh?!  they've had enough	we totally think you should have more money
we totally think you should have more money	wwe got 'em! we did it!  all right, how much are you gonna give
wwe got 'em! we did it!  all right, how much are you gonna give	huh? well we don't really have that much money
huh? well we don't really have that much money	oh, negotiating hardball, are we?! what about all that internet
oh, negotiating hardball, are we?! what about all that internet	the internet?
the internet?	you listen to me, friend!  you'd better figure out a way to get
you listen to me, friend!  you'd better figure out a way to get	what'd they say?
what'd they say?	they said we have to give them money that we make on the
they said we have to give them money that we make on the	how are we supposed to make money on the internet?
how are we supposed to make money on the internet?	well, how do other people make money on the internet?
well, how do other people make money on the internet?	we'd have to put something up on the internet that everyone
we'd have to put something up on the internet that everyone	wait
wait	i said what what? in the butti said what what? in the butti
i said what what? in the butti said what what? in the butti	oh my
oh my	i said what what? in the butti said what what? in the butti
i said what what? in the butti said what what? in the butti	there's more people viewing it!
there's more people viewing it!	this is going great!
this is going great!	don't worry, ike! the strike will be over soon! 
don't worry, ike! the strike will be over soon! 	and in other world news, the leader of japan today is calling
and in other world news, the leader of japan today is calling	how come they never mention anything about us?! when are they
how come they never mention anything about us?! when are they	don't worry, the strike is big news
don't worry, the strike is big news	in other news tonight, it the internet video that has already
in other news tonight, it the internet video that has already	tom, in just one week the video has become the most watched
tom, in just one week the video has become the most watched	aw damn it that's not news! what about us?!
aw damn it that's not news! what about us?!	look, ah, stephen, terrance and i were talking andeh, well
look, ah, stephen, terrance and i were talking andeh, well	we'll win! we'll just have to stay resilient!
we'll win! we'll just have to stay resilient!	wull, yeah, but everyone is dying of starvation
wull, yeah, but everyone is dying of starvation	yeah, let's give it up, guy
yeah, let's give it up, guy	don't call me your guy! i'm not your guy, friend!
don't call me your guy! i'm not your guy, friend!	well i'm not your friend, buddih!
well i'm not your friend, buddih!	well i'm not your buddih, guy!
well i'm not your buddih, guy!	wait! here it is! turn it up! we're on!
wait! here it is! turn it up! we're on!	and finally tonight, a new development in the canada strike
and finally tonight, a new development in the canada strike	all right! shh! i told you, i told you, listen, listensh,
all right! shh! i told you, i told you, listen, listensh,	in a shocking turn of events, it now appears that thousands of
in a shocking turn of events, it now appears that thousands of	what?
what?	do you really think you danish can replace the canadians?
do you really think you danish can replace the canadians?	well, where we come from it's pretty cold too, ja
well, where we come from it's pretty cold too, ja	nobody knows where denmark is
nobody knows where denmark is	right
right	scabs! how could you?! 
scabs! how could you?! 	ah, hi
ah, hi	take a number and wait with everyone else
take a number and wait with everyone else	ma'am, perhaps you don't recognize the internet sensation
ma'am, perhaps you don't recognize the internet sensation	take a number and wait with everyone else! 
take a number and wait with everyone else! 	chocolate raaain
chocolate raaain	aaah
aaah	hey, i know you
hey, i know you	"what what (in the butt)," sir
"what what (in the butt)," sir	it's tron guy
it's tron guy	yeah, sure
yeah, sure	ma-iyahi ma-iyahu ma-iyaho, ma-iyaha ha
ma-iyahi ma-iyahu ma-iyaho, ma-iyaha ha	and the star wars kid
and the star wars kid	wow, i've seen all you guys on the internet!
wow, i've seen all you guys on the internet!	so, how many people have seen your internet video?
so, how many people have seen your internet video?	uhhh a few hundred thousand?
uhhh a few hundred thousand?	huh, mere peanuts
huh, mere peanuts	dude, screw you
dude, screw you	leave chocolate rain guy alone! leave him alohohone! i'm
leave chocolate rain guy alone! leave him alohohone! i'm	excuse me
excuse me	you greedy corporate fat cat
you greedy corporate fat cat	wait we're working on it
wait we're working on it	you're stalling! because you think i'll give up
you're stalling! because you think i'll give up	sir, we're doing everything we can
sir, we're doing everything we can	you want me to say it again?! you've got me over a barrel!
you want me to say it again?! you've got me over a barrel!	we don't want you to die
we don't want you to die	then you'd better hurry
then you'd better hurry	we have to speed this up!  uh, can we collect our internet
we have to speed this up!  uh, can we collect our internet	i don't think so
i don't think so	oh, here he goes with the ego again
oh, here he goes with the ego again	i did
i did	oh please, laughing baby had four times as many views as you! 
oh please, laughing baby had four times as many views as you! 	you'd better shut your fuckin' mouth, laughin' baby!
you'd better shut your fuckin' mouth, laughin' baby!	did you all forget about afro ninja? my internet thing was
did you all forget about afro ninja? my internet thing was	well sneezing panda is theoretically worth billions!
well sneezing panda is theoretically worth billions!	you all wanna motherfuckin' die?! 
you all wanna motherfuckin' die?! 	nooo! 
nooo! 	haw!
haw!	okay, forget it
okay, forget it	hai hayaaa!
hai hayaaa!	ma-iyahi ma-iyahu ma-iyah- 
ma-iyahi ma-iyahu ma-iyah- 	leave tron guy alone! leave him alone! 
leave tron guy alone! leave him alone! 	get ready for some chocolate pain, bitch! 
get ready for some chocolate pain, bitch! 	leave the panda alone! leave her alone, i'm serious! 
leave the panda alone! leave her alone, i'm serious! 	thought i forgot about you, gopher?!  ughhh, my brains
thought i forgot about you, gopher?!  ughhh, my brains	sweet
sweet	stephen!, stephen! they're here! they've come to negotiate!
stephen!, stephen! they're here! they've come to negotiate!	what?! you mean it?! 
what?! you mean it?! 	okay, we did it
okay, we did it	who the hell are you?
who the hell are you?	we're the ones you told to get internet money
we're the ones you told to get internet money	here
here	theoretical dollars? what am i supposed to do with that?!  you
theoretical dollars? what am i supposed to do with that?!  you	hey, we worked really hard to get this theoretical money!
hey, we worked really hard to get this theoretical money!	yeah
yeah	
	dude, will you just end this thing now?! my little brother is
dude, will you just end this thing now?! my little brother is	nooooo! i'm not gonna look like an idiot! if i fucked up and
nooooo! i'm not gonna look like an idiot! if i fucked up and	ah, mr
ah, mr	you
you	no, actually we were just wondering if, when you're all dead,
no, actually we were just wondering if, when you're all dead,	hello? will you just give this guy something, please?!
hello? will you just give this guy something, please?!	excuse me?
excuse me?	he just doesn't wanna look like an idiot, so he wants everyone
he just doesn't wanna look like an idiot, so he wants everyone	well, we could give canada some small consolation prize
well, we could give canada some small consolation prize	if they give you something small, will you end the strike?
if they give you something small, will you end the strike?	will they
will they	can you act like you're giving him a lot?
can you act like you're giving him a lot?	sure, why not?
sure, why not?	we have won! 
we have won! 	well how much did we get?
well how much did we get?	well, we uh, we didn't get everything that we wanted, but
well, we uh, we didn't get everything that we wanted, but	we did it! 
we did it! 	my friends
my friends	ike
ike	it's over?
it's over?	yeah
yeah	boy, i'm sure glad that's over with
boy, i'm sure glad that's over with	me too!
me too!	yeah, but you know, i learned something today
yeah, but you know, i learned something today	
	yeah, we did it! celebrate, everyone! woohoo! 
yeah, we did it! celebrate, everyone! woohoo! 	hold on a minute! wait just a second!  we just did some
hold on a minute! wait just a second!  we just did some	and our bennigan's coupons and bubble gum is worth roughly
and our bennigan's coupons and bubble gum is worth roughly	don't look at that
don't look at that	you had no idea what you were doing and now you're trying to
you had no idea what you were doing and now you're trying to	damn it friends, don't you see? we won for future canadians,
damn it friends, don't you see? we won for future canadians,	eh?! what do you think you're doing?!
eh?! what do you think you're doing?!	we're setting you adrift, idiot!
we're setting you adrift, idiot!	maybe you can go live with the danish!
maybe you can go live with the danish!	you'll regret this day, friend!
you'll regret this day, friend!	i'm not your friend, buddih!
i'm not your friend, buddih!	i'm not your buddih, guy!
i'm not your buddih, guy!	he's not your guy, friend!
he's not your guy, friend!	i'm not your friend, buddih!
i'm not your friend, buddih!	we're not your buddih, guy!
we're not your buddih, guy!	i'm not your guy, friend!
i'm not your guy, friend!	it's like, my whole life has just been one big screw-up, you
it's like, my whole life has just been one big screw-up, you	are we gonna get tested on this?
are we gonna get tested on this?	this sex change was a big mistake, okay?  i was on a lot of
this sex change was a big mistake, okay?  i was on a lot of	dude, wanna do some math problems?
dude, wanna do some math problems?	and then, i go to the doctor, right? and i say "doctor, i wanna
and then, i go to the doctor, right? and i say "doctor, i wanna	mr
mr	what do you want? i'm trying to teach
what do you want? i'm trying to teach	uh, we think it's best you not teach until you get your
uh, we think it's best you not teach until you get your	ohhh it's so easy for you, mackey! you have a penis! 
ohhh it's so easy for you, mackey! you have a penis! 	ooookay students, um, obviously we've had a little emergency
ooookay students, um, obviously we've had a little emergency	oh! me me, me
oh! me me, me	uhh, who, who else would like to be teacher for the day?
uhh, who, who else would like to be teacher for the day?	principal victoria
principal victoria	any other volunteers, perhaps?
any other volunteers, perhaps?	rrrrrrr! principal victoria
rrrrrrr! principal victoria	all right, all right, fine
all right, all right, fine	yes! 
yes! 	now, just lead a review over whatever mr
now, just lead a review over whatever mr	you're not the teacher, fatass
you're not the teacher, fatass	that's mr
that's mr	and so it appears that the local farmer's market could be soon
and so it appears that the local farmer's market could be soon	what?
what?	but the scientists say the process could help thousands of
but the scientists say the process could help thousands of	holy freaking jesus
holy freaking jesus	using common genetics and cartilage scaffolding, we can graft
using common genetics and cartilage scaffolding, we can graft	doctor, what about a penis?
doctor, what about a penis?	well, a penis is something a man puts into a woman's vagina
well, a penis is something a man puts into a woman's vagina	no, no
no, no	you don't understand: doing this stuff is very expensive
you don't understand: doing this stuff is very expensive	i will give you all the money i have to just try
i will give you all the money i have to just try	all right
all right	eric, we've called you in to commend you for your role as
eric, we've called you in to commend you for your role as	ey! don't commend me! it's the students' fault for being so
ey! don't commend me! it's the students' fault for being so	uh, "commend" means you've done a great job, eric
uh, "commend" means you've done a great job, eric	after leading your class through review, your schoolmates
after leading your class through review, your schoolmates	oh, well, thank you
oh, well, thank you	these gentlemen from the denver county school board have
these gentlemen from the denver county school board have	young man, word of your success as a student teacher has
young man, word of your success as a student teacher has	these kids just won't listen to any adult teachers and, since
these kids just won't listen to any adult teachers and, since	that sounds like a chance to really make an impact on some
that sounds like a chance to really make an impact on some	three hundred bucks! did you hear what i said, you guys?! my
three hundred bucks! did you hear what i said, you guys?! my	you're not an awesome teacher!
you're not an awesome teacher!	whatever
whatever	the only reason we scored high was because we took the answers
the only reason we scored high was because we took the answers	yes, but whose idea was it to take the answers out of
yes, but whose idea was it to take the answers out of	kenny's!
kenny's!	(yeah, that was my idea
(yeah, that was my idea	oh yeah
oh yeah	do you know what those kids are going to do to you?! a little
do you know what those kids are going to do to you?! a little	maybe he's right
maybe he's right	students, quiet! quiet please!  give me your attention!
students, quiet! quiet please!  give me your attention!	i'll give you my attention
i'll give you my attention	you're on thin ice, rodriguez! now listen up! the denver county
you're on thin ice, rodriguez! now listen up! the denver county	ohhhhhhhhhhh
ohhhhhhhhhhh	this may be your last shot at graduating from high school at
this may be your last shot at graduating from high school at	hello students
hello students	what the hell is thiiis?
what the hell is thiiis?	i am here
i am here	iii think you're going to be very pleased with the progress,
iii think you're going to be very pleased with the progress,	mr
mr	sorry, mister garrison
sorry, mister garrison	wow! my penis looks great!
wow! my penis looks great!	yes
yes	how long before it's ready?
how long before it's ready?	welll, it still has some forming to do, but fairly soon
welll, it still has some forming to do, but fairly soon	let me see if it feels right in my hand
let me see if it feels right in my hand	no! don't open the- 
no! don't open the- 	whoa no!
whoa no!	don't let it get out of the lab! 
don't let it get out of the lab! 	mah penis!  stop, penis! come back here!
mah penis!  stop, penis! come back here!	okay, everyone take a sillibus and pass it to the amigo behind
okay, everyone take a sillibus and pass it to the amigo behind	hey man, what the hell do you think you're doing?!
hey man, what the hell do you think you're doing?!	yeahhhh
yeahhhh	mr
mr	getting into college? maaan, we ain't gettin' in no college!
getting into college? maaan, we ain't gettin' in no college!	how do i reach these keeds?  the reason that you think you
how do i reach these keeds?  the reason that you think you	hey, i don't wanna be called a cheater!
hey, i don't wanna be called a cheater!	no no
no no	this is bullshit
this is bullshit	go ahead, the door's right there
go ahead, the door's right there	boys! boys, have you seen my penis? 
boys! boys, have you seen my penis? 	what?
what?	my penis is on the loose! if you see it, just try to catch it
my penis is on the loose! if you see it, just try to catch it	ow
ow	nice form, compadre
nice form, compadre	hey, i walked out of your class, teacher
hey, i walked out of your class, teacher	who wants to argue on a nice day like theees? how about a
who wants to argue on a nice day like theees? how about a	sure thing, mr
sure thing, mr	okay, you start on defense, amigo
okay, you start on defense, amigo	aaaah! 
aaaah! 	ohoooh, that's one to nothing, amigo!
ohoooh, that's one to nothing, amigo!	you cheated!
you cheated!	what's the score, ese? okay, let's go, your turn
what's the score, ese? okay, let's go, your turn	fuck you, man, you can't do that!
fuck you, man, you can't do that!	look at the scoreboard, amigo
look at the scoreboard, amigo	i know what you're trying to say, but i still don't agree with
i know what you're trying to say, but i still don't agree with	two to nothing, ese! two to nothing!  how do i reach these
two to nothing, ese! two to nothing!  how do i reach these	what is that?  eeeek! eeeek!  eeeek! eeeek!  stephen! stephen
what is that?  eeeek! eeeek!  eeeek! eeeek!  stephen! stephen	what is it, dear?
what is it, dear?	a penis is loose in our kitchen!
a penis is loose in our kitchen!	a penis?
a penis?	yes! it just ran across the floor!
yes! it just ran across the floor!	now darling, calm down
now darling, calm down	calm down nothing! i don't want that penis running through my
calm down nothing! i don't want that penis running through my	hoh, women
hoh, women	there! there, you see it?
there! there, you see it?	oh, it's just a little penis, darling
oh, it's just a little penis, darling	i don't care
i don't care	hey wait! i think that's teacher's penis!
hey wait! i think that's teacher's penis!	your teacher's penis?
your teacher's penis?	yeah, that must be his
yeah, that must be his	butters, how do you know what your teacher's penis looks like?
butters, how do you know what your teacher's penis looks like?	huh?
huh?	today we will discuss one of the fundamental ways to cheat:
today we will discuss one of the fundamental ways to cheat:	i thought that
i thought that	have a seat, amigo
have a seat, amigo	"i mis-interpreted the rules
"i mis-interpreted the rules	good
good	"i mis-interpreted the rules
"i mis-interpreted the rules	again!
again!	"i mis-interpreted the rules
"i mis-interpreted the rules	now you sound like white people!
now you sound like white people!	"i mis-interpreted the rules!"
"i mis-interpreted the rules!"	what the hell do you mean you just put my penis outside?! why
what the hell do you mean you just put my penis outside?! why	look garrison, my wife didn't want a penis in the house
look garrison, my wife didn't want a penis in the house	well now how am i supposed to find it?! it could be anywhere!
well now how am i supposed to find it?! it could be anywhere!	eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek! 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek! 	holy crap! 
holy crap! 	eeeek! eeeeeek!
eeeek! eeeeeek!	carole, get down from there!
carole, get down from there!	noo! didn't you see that penis just now?! eeeek!
noo! didn't you see that penis just now?! eeeek!	i'm sure that penis is way more scared of you than you are of
i'm sure that penis is way more scared of you than you are of	you saw a penis?!
you saw a penis?!	eeeeeeeek! 
eeeeeeeek! 	oh, it's so big and disguuusting
oh, it's so big and disguuusting	come back here, penis!  there you are! got you!  hey, you're
come back here, penis!  there you are! got you!  hey, you're	the answer to #27 is 5
the answer to #27 is 5	the answer to #27 is 5
the answer to #27 is 5	the answer to #28 is 14
the answer to #28 is 14	"the answer to #28 is 14
"the answer to #28 is 14	man, what's the point?  what's the point of any of this? 
man, what's the point?  what's the point of any of this? 	all right, uh, everyone review the section on sportscasters
all right, uh, everyone review the section on sportscasters	there isn't any point to all this
there isn't any point to all this	how do i reach these keeds?  all right, let's go get you an
how do i reach these keeds?  all right, let's go get you an	no
no	abortion isn't wrong! what's the one thing i've been teaching
abortion isn't wrong! what's the one thing i've been teaching	that cheating is good?
that cheating is good?	yes! and abortion is the ultimate form of chea-ting! you're
yes! and abortion is the ultimate form of chea-ting! you're	i don't know, mr
i don't know, mr	mexicans are told not to cheat
mexicans are told not to cheat	and the last time you saw your penis was two days ago? 
and the last time you saw your penis was two days ago? 	that's right
that's right	long whiskers or short?
long whiskers or short?	short, and little fluffy ears
short, and little fluffy ears	fluffy ears, okay
fluffy ears, okay	think you got it, mitch?
think you got it, mitch?	i think so, sir
i think so, sir	no, no, not like that! that's just silly
no, no, not like that! that's just silly	sir, we might wanna get a unit down to the italian restaurant
sir, we might wanna get a unit down to the italian restaurant	what is it?
what is it?	call just came through
call just came through	wall come on! 
wall come on! 	eek!
eek!	what's the matter?
what's the matter?	a penis!
a penis!	a penis? where?
a penis? where?	there it is!  eek! 
there it is!  eek! 	where is it?!
where is it?!	look, there! 
look, there! 	come on! 
come on! 	what'sa that peenis doing ina myii kitchen? 
what'sa that peenis doing ina myii kitchen? 	huy! don't you dare kill my penis!  crap! we've gotta go back
huy! don't you dare kill my penis!  crap! we've gotta go back	someone somewhere is loving me tonightlooking at the same moon
someone somewhere is loving me tonightlooking at the same moon	someone somewhere is feelin' my despair
someone somewhere is feelin' my despair	feelin' my despair
feelin' my despair	and this same moon is
and this same moon is	making them think of that-
making them think of that-	there it is!  no! nooo!  no! no!
there it is!  no! nooo!  no! no!	there's not a chance now
there's not a chance now	no we, we can find it! 
no we, we can find it! 	sorry garrison, your penis is gone
sorry garrison, your penis is gone	students, i want to congratulate you on your amazing test
students, i want to congratulate you on your amazing test	uh what?
uh what?	the test will be tomorrow
the test will be tomorrow	monitor us in a private room?
monitor us in a private room?	now they're gonna know we've been cheating all along
now they're gonna know we've been cheating all along	i knew it man! you made us believe in your way and now it's all
i knew it man! you made us believe in your way and now it's all	ih it's not for nothing
ih it's not for nothing	shut up, man! you reyally screwed us all!
shut up, man! you reyally screwed us all!	how do i reeeach these keeeeds?!  just before the last super
how do i reeeach these keeeeds?!  just before the last super	yeah, come on, we can do this, guys
yeah, come on, we can do this, guys	you are the true dreamers
you are the true dreamers	you did this to yourself, garrison
you did this to yourself, garrison	the standardized advanced placement test is considered one of
the standardized advanced placement test is considered one of	uh, can we say something?
uh, can we say something?	sure
sure	we would like to present this plaque to the person who taught
we would like to present this plaque to the person who taught	i reeached these keeeds
i reeached these keeeds	students and faculty, please put your hands together and help
students and faculty, please put your hands together and help	thanks everyone
thanks everyone	whoa uh wait, uh, hang on a second
whoa uh wait, uh, hang on a second	well then get an aids test, thompson, 'cause your wife's a
well then get an aids test, thompson, 'cause your wife's a	get off the internet, stanley, it's time for bed
get off the internet, stanley, it's time for bed	mom, i just gotta do a couple more things
mom, i just gotta do a couple more things	now, stanley
now, stanley	aw man! 
aw man! 	shelly, off the internet
shelly, off the internet	mom, i'm i-chatting with my boyfriend in montana!
mom, i'm i-chatting with my boyfriend in montana!	now, shelly! 
now, shelly! 	why do you hate me?!
why do you hate me?!	randy, off the internet
randy, off the internet	nooo
nooo	no, mister, it's time for night-night
no, mister, it's time for night-night	but sharon, i've got stuff to do
but sharon, i've got stuff to do	you don't have to do all that now! you can do one more thing
you don't have to do all that now! you can do one more thing	one more thing?  ooooyeah
one more thing?  ooooyeah	what the hell?
what the hell?	stan! stan, i gotta use your computer! 
stan! stan, i gotta use your computer! 	what?
what?	my internet's not working; i gotta use yours
my internet's not working; i gotta use yours	my internet's not working either
my internet's not working either	what?! 
what?! 	dad, the internet's not working!
dad, the internet's not working!	i know that, okay?!
i know that, okay?!	i have to get online with my darling amir before school starts!
i have to get online with my darling amir before school starts!	randy, i can't get my e-mail to open
randy, i can't get my e-mail to open	everybody just, just calm down! calm down, all right?! it's
everybody just, just calm down! calm down, all right?! it's	gerald
gerald	randy
randy	our house
our house	oh my god
oh my god	we've got nothing! it's just gone
we've got nothing! it's just gone	come in
come in	thank you gerald
thank you gerald	i'm getting on it first
i'm getting on it first	oh no you're not!
oh no you're not!	kyle, i need to use your internet
kyle, i need to use your internet	ih it's not working
ih it's not working	what?!
what?!	i've even unplugged it and plugged it back in
i've even unplugged it and plugged it back in	no
no	it's not working, gerald
it's not working, gerald	but it has to work! maybe if i do a little-
but it has to work! maybe if i do a little-	your internet's not working, gerald! face it!
your internet's not working, gerald! face it!	i have to get online before school
i have to get online before school	what about starbucks? they have free internet
what about starbucks? they have free internet	right, starbucks!
right, starbucks!	everyone get your stuff; we can take my car
everyone get your stuff; we can take my car	hey, is your- is your guys' internet working?
hey, is your- is your guys' internet working?	no! nobody's is!
no! nobody's is!	whaaaaat's haaappeniiiiing?!
whaaaaat's haaappeniiiiing?!	jesus
jesus	everyone in the car
everyone in the car	god, the whole neighborhood's affected
god, the whole neighborhood's affected	get out of the way, peterson! 
get out of the way, peterson! 	folks, there's, there's no internet here
folks, there's, there's no internet here	it's not working here?
it's not working here?	kids, get back in the car
kids, get back in the car	no, don't
no, don't	how do you know?!
how do you know?!	because we just came from there! there was nothing! not one
because we just came from there! there was nothing! not one	how can there be no internet anywhere? what's going on?!
how can there be no internet anywhere? what's going on?!	anybody got a blackberry? check drudge report
anybody got a blackberry? check drudge report	good idea!  no wait, we can't check drudge report: there's no
good idea!  no wait, we can't check drudge report: there's no	there has to be a way to find out what's going on
there has to be a way to find out what's going on	we can't! don't you get it?! there's no internet to find out
we can't! don't you get it?! there's no internet to find out	what did we used to do to get the news before the internet?
what did we used to do to get the news before the internet?	a television! 
a television! 	once again we apologize, but we cannot bring you the news
once again we apologize, but we cannot bring you the news	jesus, it's statewide
jesus, it's statewide	it could be nationwide
it could be nationwide	hello? do you have internet? it it's channel 4 news
hello? do you have internet? it it's channel 4 news	no internet
no internet	jesus
jesus	what's the matter?
what's the matter?	i don't know
i don't know	what if my sweetheart is online looking for me? he could be
what if my sweetheart is online looking for me? he could be	hey! shelly, whoa, stop, stop!
hey! shelly, whoa, stop, stop!	dad, you've gotta do something! she's out of control!
dad, you've gotta do something! she's out of control!	you're right
you're right	randy, where will you go?
randy, where will you go?	we're gonna head west
we're gonna head west	you don't know if there's any internet in california
you don't know if there's any internet in california	well there certainly ain't none here! look, maybe it's time you
well there certainly ain't none here! look, maybe it's time you	it could come back
it could come back	yeah, and maybe it won't! in the meantime i got a family who
yeah, and maybe it won't! in the meantime i got a family who	look, if you
look, if you	how
how	sorry folks, we're full up
sorry folks, we're full up	know anywhere else we can stay? we're
know anywhere else we can stay? we're	you and everyone else
you and everyone else	i'm goin' down the road feelin' bad
i'm goin' down the road feelin' bad	where are you from, old-timer?
where are you from, old-timer?	kansas city
kansas city	things will be different when we get out to californee
things will be different when we get out to californee	why sure, silicon valley
why sure, silicon valley	when i get to that internet i'm gonna click on just about
when i get to that internet i'm gonna click on just about	well i'm gonna sit down at that internet and just stahrt
well i'm gonna sit down at that internet and just stahrt	sure will be nice
sure will be nice	you folks all headin' to silicon valley?
you folks all headin' to silicon valley?	that's right
that's right	haha
haha	what's so funny about that?
what's so funny about that?	think about it
think about it	come on, stan, let's get some rest
come on, stan, let's get some rest	amiiir
amiiir	don', don't cry, shelly
don', don't cry, shelly	everyone, wake up!  we're here! silicon valley, californee! 
everyone, wake up!  we're here! silicon valley, californee! 	name?
name?	do they have internet here?
do they have internet here?	name?
name?	marsh
marsh	service provider?
service provider?	netzero
netzero	all right, stay in line
all right, stay in line	so is there internet here?
so is there internet here?	stay in line and get to your campsite
stay in line and get to your campsite	excuse me, we're looking for some internet
excuse me, we're looking for some internet	yeah, they've got it here
yeah, they've got it here	all right!
all right!	but there ain't enough to go around
but there ain't enough to go around	ya
ya	forty seconds? that ain't even long enough to check wikipedia!
forty seconds? that ain't even long enough to check wikipedia!	well it's all we got, so we gotta make do
well it's all we got, so we gotta make do	look, honey, we ordered us some books on amazon
look, honey, we ordered us some books on amazon	all right, time's up
all right, time's up	no! no wait! i haven't entered the shipping information!  no!
no! no wait! i haven't entered the shipping information!  no!	next? brady, john h
next? brady, john h	awww, how am i supposed to see internet porn that way? 
awww, how am i supposed to see internet porn that way? 	what did you say?
what did you say?	uh, you go ahead, sharon
uh, you go ahead, sharon	and that's about all we know
and that's about all we know	a fax! a fax is coming through! 
a fax! a fax is coming through! 	oh yeah, a fax!!
oh yeah, a fax!!	oh a fax!
oh a fax!	it's a fax, it's a fax! it's a fax, it's a fax!
it's a fax, it's a fax! it's a fax, it's a fax!	it's a fax, we got a fax!  uh-
it's a fax, we got a fax!  uh-	oh! it says, "the government has sent their best people to the
oh! it says, "the government has sent their best people to the	we've gotta send a reporter out to the internet!
we've gotta send a reporter out to the internet!	where
where	gentlemen, the president is very angry that his internet still
gentlemen, the president is very angry that his internet still	we've tried everything, sir, but the internet has slowed to a
we've tried everything, sir, but the internet has slowed to a	take me down below! i want to see the internet for myself!
take me down below! i want to see the internet for myself!	here it is, general
here it is, general	what's wrong with it?
what's wrong with it?	see that flashing orange light in the middle? it's supposed to
see that flashing orange light in the middle? it's supposed to	my god
my god	hahaha, thedancingkitty
hahaha, thedancingkitty	all right, time's up
all right, time's up	no, wait, i i just clicked on the kitty
no, wait, i i just clicked on the kitty	next? nelson, peter t
next? nelson, peter t	excuse me, i need to uh, have some private internet time
excuse me, i need to uh, have some private internet time	look, we're just tryin' to get by here
look, we're just tryin' to get by here	i haven't jacked off in over two weeks
i haven't jacked off in over two weeks	so jack off
so jack off	you don't understand
you don't understand	what do you want us to do? pick up the whole computer and put
what do you want us to do? pick up the whole computer and put	three minutes would be plenty
three minutes would be plenty	get lost! 
get lost! 	ohhh
ohhh	all right, each of you take a ticket
all right, each of you take a ticket	what number are you, turd?
what number are you, turd?	eight fifty one
eight fifty one	you're nine twenty three now
you're nine twenty three now	hey! mom!
hey! mom!	shelly, give your brother his ticket back!
shelly, give your brother his ticket back!	can't you all see i'm in pain?! nobody understands pure love!
can't you all see i'm in pain?! nobody understands pure love!	psst
psst	yeah, how'd you know?
yeah, how'd you know?	lots of us fellas came here for that reason
lots of us fellas came here for that reason	i know, right?
i know, right?	anyway, we got us a simulator
anyway, we got us a simulator	"internet porn simulator" 
"internet porn simulator" 	give it a try
give it a try	uh, japanese girls exchanging bodily fluids? click
uh, japanese girls exchanging bodily fluids? click	well, sorry
well, sorry	well at least that part's like the internet
well at least that part's like the internet	we, we now have a reporter on the scene
we, we now have a reporter on the scene	tom, i'm at the internet, where government officials are doing
tom, i'm at the internet, where government officials are doing	all right, internet
all right, internet	hey, wait a minute
hey, wait a minute	what is it, kyle?
what is it, kyle?	i think
i think	this is taking too long! when do i get to use the internet?!
this is taking too long! when do i get to use the internet?!	it's gotta be our turn soon
it's gotta be our turn soon	all right, folks, it's bed time
all right, folks, it's bed time	awww!!! 
awww!!! 	a little closer!
a little closer!	no, no, we're locking it away until tomorrow
no, no, we're locking it away until tomorrow	aw man! 
aw man! 	wha?!
wha?!	gggggyyaaah! 
gggggyyaaah! 	uhuh
uhuh	haro kiti kawaii n desho? 
haro kiti kawaii n desho? 	un
un	oh niice
oh niice	watashi wa
watashi wa	now let's see some bestiality
now let's see some bestiality	what is that?
what is that?	sounds like someone's bein' attacked by a tiger
sounds like someone's bein' attacked by a tiger	ohhhhhhhhhh! ohhhhhhhhhh!
ohhhhhhhhhh! ohhhhhhhhhh!	get the keys! we gotta get in there
get the keys! we gotta get in there	ohhhhhhh! ohhhhhhh! ohhhhhhh! 
ohhhhhhh! ohhhhhhh! ohhhhhhh! 	what the
what the	dad?
dad?	randy!
randy!	oh
oh	you son of a bitch!
you son of a bitch!	oh no it wasn't me, it was this spooky ghost! 
oh no it wasn't me, it was this spooky ghost! 	this is our last chance
this is our last chance	all clear for procedure
all clear for procedure	all right! let's do it! 
all right! let's do it! 	look! the flashing yellow light is steady green now!
look! the flashing yellow light is steady green now!	he did it!
he did it!	i've got internet!
i've got internet!	me too!
me too!	internet activity in all sectors, sir
internet activity in all sectors, sir	i've got internet
i've got internet	me too!
me too!	it's back! 
it's back! 	it's back? it's back! 
it's back? it's back! 	it's working! i can i-chat with my darling amir now! 
it's working! i can i-chat with my darling amir now! 	shelly
shelly	what?
what?	it's me
it's me	o
o	your family came here too, huh?
your family came here too, huh?	yeah
yeah	so uhhh, i guess i'll e-mail you as soon as i get back home
so uhhh, i guess i'll e-mail you as soon as i get back home	yeah, okay
yeah, okay	okay, s-see ya
okay, s-see ya	we're back togehhhther! we're back togehhhther!
we're back togehhhther! we're back togehhhther!	and so what have we learned through this ordeal? the internet
and so what have we learned through this ordeal? the internet	kids, everyone together
kids, everyone together	hi, kids, and welcome to my village
hi, kids, and welcome to my village	ughh
ughh	this is gonna suck
this is gonna suck	when you all are ready just head up to the village
when you all are ready just head up to the village	thank you, pioneer paul
thank you, pioneer paul	let's be partners, kenny
let's be partners, kenny	(no, i'm partners with craig) 
(no, i'm partners with craig) 	okay
okay	naw, i'm with wendy
naw, i'm with wendy	eh, you wanna hold hands with a girl? gaywad!  all right, let's
eh, you wanna hold hands with a girl? gaywad!  all right, let's	i hate you, remember?  you wanna be partners, jimmy?
i hate you, remember?  you wanna be partners, jimmy?	jesus, what have i ever done to you? craig? token?  who, who
jesus, what have i ever done to you? craig? token?  who, who	eric, partner with butters
eric, partner with butters	god damn it!
god damn it!	hold butters' hand, eric! 
hold butters' hand, eric! 	that isn't necessary!
that isn't necessary!	butters, you are not to let go of eric's hand until you are
butters, you are not to let go of eric's hand until you are	i understand
i understand	all right, let's head in
all right, let's head in	you can let go now, butters
you can let go now, butters	no
no	butters, come on!
butters, come on!	no! 
no! 	all right kids, go ahead and visit the charming villagers and
all right kids, go ahead and visit the charming villagers and	why howdy partners
why howdy partners	uhhh, look, can we just drop the whole roleplaying thing? i
uhhh, look, can we just drop the whole roleplaying thing? i	thanks, stan
thanks, stan	these folks sure are strange, smithy
these folks sure are strange, smithy	that guy is wearing a digital watch
that guy is wearing a digital watch	oh jeez
oh jeez	damn it chad!
damn it chad!	s-sorry, i'm sorry
s-sorry, i'm sorry	why howdy, partners, i'm the town gunsmith
why howdy, partners, i'm the town gunsmith	i wanna shoot an indian
i wanna shoot an indian	now some of you might wanna meet abigail at the candle-makin'
now some of you might wanna meet abigail at the candle-makin'	do you see any indians?
do you see any indians?	nah, it's just the city and e- oh my jesus christ monkeyballs
nah, it's just the city and e- oh my jesus christ monkeyballs	oh, that's cool
oh, that's cool	dude, screw this place! we've gotta go to super phun thyme!
dude, screw this place! we've gotta go to super phun thyme!	oh no! i'm not sneakin' out! i'll get in trouble!
oh no! i'm not sneakin' out! i'll get in trouble!	fine, then let go of my hand!
fine, then let go of my hand!	teacher said i can't let go till we're back on the bus!
teacher said i can't let go till we're back on the bus!	well which is it gonna be, butters?! are you gonna ditch out
well which is it gonna be, butters?! are you gonna ditch out	i'm not lettin' go!
i'm not lettin' go!	fine, then you're comin' with me!
fine, then you're comin' with me!	no, eric! 
no, eric! 	butters, let go god-damn it!
butters, let go god-damn it!	no!  t-teacherrr! teacherrr!
no!  t-teacherrr! teacherrr!	this here is our general store
this here is our general store	howdy partners
howdy partners	look, stan, they had beef jerky back then
look, stan, they had beef jerky back then	what do you mean "back then"? don't forget, it's 1864
what do you mean "back then"? don't forget, it's 1864	right
right	wuh, sure it is
wuh, sure it is	what's that?
what's that?	sounds like police sirens
sounds like police sirens	what's a si-rene? we ain't never heard of no sirene in 1864
what's a si-rene? we ain't never heard of no sirene in 1864	we lost them, we lost them!
we lost them, we lost them!	damn pig cops!
damn pig cops!	close that gate! 
close that gate! 	what's going on?
what's going on?	i don't know
i don't know	everyone down on the ground now!
everyone down on the ground now!	wuh-whoa now, i'm sheriff mclawdog
wuh-whoa now, i'm sheriff mclawdog	jesus christ!  we've gotta call the police
jesus christ!  we've gotta call the police	a phone? why, what's a phone? we ain't never hearda sich a
a phone? why, what's a phone? we ain't never hearda sich a	what?!
what?!	come on, this is serious!
come on, this is serious!	eh storehand, you ever heard of this fancy shmancy phone?
eh storehand, you ever heard of this fancy shmancy phone?	uhhh, nooo
uhhh, nooo	dude, they just shot a guy in the face! we've gotta call the
dude, they just shot a guy in the face! we've gotta call the	if you mean the law, only law around here is town sheriff
if you mean the law, only law around here is town sheriff	this is not the time for that!
this is not the time for that!	aw man, this is gonna be awesome!  butters, if you don't let go
aw man, this is gonna be awesome!  butters, if you don't let go	well, that's your problem!
well, that's your problem!	all right butters, i've seriously had enough!  jesus christ! 
all right butters, i've seriously had enough!  jesus christ! 	make that two! 
make that two! 	aww, aren't you two cute holdin' hands
aww, aren't you two cute holdin' hands	no! 
no! 	dude, this place shreds! what should we do first?
dude, this place shreds! what should we do first?	we should get back to pioneer village, that's what we should do!
we should get back to pioneer village, that's what we should do!	butters, we're going to get back before anybody even notices
butters, we're going to get back before anybody even notices	over here
over here	here! here's the phone! 
here! here's the phone! 	well, what a straaange contraption
well, what a straaange contraption	i can't get a dial tone
i can't get a dial tone	what's the number to dial out?
what's the number to dial out?	dial out? partner, them are some funny words you're usin'
dial out? partner, them are some funny words you're usin'	dude, do you understand what's going on here?! 
dude, do you understand what's going on here?! 	maybe they're right, brian
maybe they're right, brian	brresh! 
brresh! 	ogh, i mean, this here room is, it sure is strange
ogh, i mean, this here room is, it sure is strange	i'll say
i'll say	i got through
i got through	nine one one, what's your emergency?
nine one one, what's your emergency?	there's some terrorists or bankrobbers or something that have
there's some terrorists or bankrobbers or something that have	taken hostage where?
taken hostage where?	the old pioneer village off of kipling
the old pioneer village off of kipling	you mean that annoying place where employees won't break
you mean that annoying place where employees won't break	sister, you don't know the half of it
sister, you don't know the half of it	check it out, dude, i'm a space man! space man, yehesss!
check it out, dude, i'm a space man! space man, yehesss!	get
get	what are you whoofelin' at? 
what are you whoofelin' at? 	waiwait, keep- you're fine
waiwait, keep- you're fine	whoa! 
whoa! 	yeheah, we're wired up!
yeheah, we're wired up!	yeah, bumper cars, sweeet! 
yeah, bumper cars, sweeet! 	th-that's it, eric
th-that's it, eric	aw, just a few more things
aw, just a few more things	no! if we don't leave right now, we're gonna miss the bus, and
no! if we don't leave right now, we're gonna miss the bus, and	huh, i guess you're right, butters
huh, i guess you're right, butters	set up the satellite relay, check for alternate routes out of
set up the satellite relay, check for alternate routes out of	please, if you must take anyone, don't take me
please, if you must take anyone, don't take me	how did they find us?!
how did they find us?!	get the loot out of the car and stash it in that building
get the loot out of the car and stash it in that building	all right, men, listen up! looks like our thieves are trying to
all right, men, listen up! looks like our thieves are trying to	tucker, dylan, set up a perimeter!
tucker, dylan, set up a perimeter!	everyone stay on your toes! these are professionals we're
everyone stay on your toes! these are professionals we're	what did they rob, sir?
what did they rob, sir?	a burger king
a burger king	all right, good
all right, good	no
no	excellent
excellent	why aren't the cops coming in?
why aren't the cops coming in?	they must be negotiating
they must be negotiating	them there bandits sure look mighty strange
them there bandits sure look mighty strange	will you shut up!
will you shut up!	wait, you have guns here?
wait, you have guns here?	sure
sure	well why don't you go get them and bring them back here?!
well why don't you go get them and bring them back here?!	all righty
all righty	yeppir! 
yeppir! 	uhaw man, i can't wait to see the look on kyle's face when we
uhaw man, i can't wait to see the look on kyle's face when we	we're not telling anybody! i don't wanna get in trouble! and i
we're not telling anybody! i don't wanna get in trouble! and i	butters, you've gotta learn to chill
butters, you've gotta learn to chill	yeah, well, i guess that's kinda true
yeah, well, i guess that's kinda true	uh oh
uh oh	what?! they called the cops?!
what?! they called the cops?!	they must have realized we left
they must have realized we left	oh my god, the police are looking for us!
oh my god, the police are looking for us!	shhh! butters!
shhh! butters!	we're gonna get it now!
we're gonna get it now!	butters butters, calm down! i know a way out of this!
butters butters, calm down! i know a way out of this!	you just got me busted forever!
you just got me busted forever!	butters, l-listen to me, listen
butters, l-listen to me, listen	no! 
no! 	all we have to do is sneak back inside without the cops seeing
all we have to do is sneak back inside without the cops seeing	you said they wouldn't notice we were gone
you said they wouldn't notice we were gone	if we sneak back inside, we can say we never left, all right? 
if we sneak back inside, we can say we never left, all right? 	no
no	butters?
butters?	huh you made me break one rule, i'm not breaking the other!
huh you made me break one rule, i'm not breaking the other!	all right, come on! 
all right, come on! 	keep the hostages from talking and search for holdouts
keep the hostages from talking and search for holdouts	the police have us completely surrounded on all sides
the police have us completely surrounded on all sides	above ground?
above ground?	look, i found this at the rear of the park
look, i found this at the rear of the park	so if we can get into the shaft we can tunnel our way around
so if we can get into the shaft we can tunnel our way around	one more thing, frans: i want my share of the take now
one more thing, frans: i want my share of the take now	what's the matter, ohrlich? lose your sense of trust?
what's the matter, ohrlich? lose your sense of trust?	i was just thinking maybe we get through that tunnel
i was just thinking maybe we get through that tunnel	very well
very well	i'm going to ask you again, what is the door code to the
i'm going to ask you again, what is the door code to the	i told you, mister, what would i know about a door code? i'm
i told you, mister, what would i know about a door code? i'm	you are an employee here, that means you are required to know
you are an employee here, that means you are required to know	huh my name ain't palmer, it's
huh my name ain't palmer, it's	that's it!  tell me the code or you die!  one
that's it!  tell me the code or you die!  one	i
i	yes?
yes?	i don't know nothin' about no fancy door code
i don't know nothin' about no fancy door code	these pioneer village workers are really committed to their
these pioneer village workers are really committed to their	no
no	give us the code to that door and we can leave!
give us the code to that door and we can leave!	i've never heard of sss-something called a door code
i've never heard of sss-something called a door code	i don't have time for your stupid game! tell me, or you die
i don't have time for your stupid game! tell me, or you die	all right, all right! look, it's just, it's just one of
all right, all right! look, it's just, it's just one of	what he meant to say, kids, is that we ain't never heard o'no
what he meant to say, kids, is that we ain't never heard o'no	god damn it you people are fucking insane!
god damn it you people are fucking insane!	i don't believe it
i don't believe it	domino,  walsky! find out if there are any employees or
domino,  walsky! find out if there are any employees or	oh crap, we've gotta hide
oh crap, we've gotta hide	yeah
yeah	sector bravo, no activity
sector bravo, no activity	jeez, uh cops are looking for us everywhere
jeez, uh cops are looking for us everywhere	don't worry, they're not gonna find us 'til we're safely back
don't worry, they're not gonna find us 'til we're safely back	that looks dangerous
that looks dangerous	not getting busted always is, butters
not getting busted always is, butters	oh gosh in heaven
oh gosh in heaven	it's all right
it's all right	whoa!
whoa!	save me!
save me!	i'm gonna fall! 
i'm gonna fall! 	
	frohlich, check in
frohlich, check in	we found somebody
we found somebody	we found this guy in the jail of the sheriff's office
we found this guy in the jail of the sheriff's office	you let out murderin' murphy?
you let out murderin' murphy?	y'are all gettin' it for puttin' me in that thar jail!
y'are all gettin' it for puttin' me in that thar jail!	stop it! stop your bad historical acting right now!
stop it! stop your bad historical acting right now!	tarnation
tarnation	i am the fucking bad man! do you get that?! knock it off and
i am the fucking bad man! do you get that?! knock it off and	you're just gonna have to kill us, mister, 'cause you ain't
you're just gonna have to kill us, mister, 'cause you ain't	i won't kill you if you don't tell me
i won't kill you if you don't tell me	not me! not me not me not me not me! 
not me! not me not me not me not me! 	(what? hey, let go
(what? hey, let go	do you want to see a child die?!
do you want to see a child die?!	(no they don't wanna see a child die! you guys! uf
(no they don't wanna see a child die! you guys! uf	i am so disappointed in myself
i am so disappointed in myself	don't be too hard on yourself, butters
don't be too hard on yourself, butters	huh
huh	quick! are you ready?! we gotta jump!
quick! are you ready?! we gotta jump!	let's do it!
let's do it!	ready? go! 
ready? go! 	what about you? will you tell us the access code or do you want
what about you? will you tell us the access code or do you want	i'm sorry, i'm a woman and women in our time ain't allowed to
i'm sorry, i'm a woman and women in our time ain't allowed to	god damn it!
god damn it!	dude, they're gonna kill kenny!
dude, they're gonna kill kenny!	i can't let them do it
i can't let them do it	stan?
stan?	where are you going, stan?
where are you going, stan?	wendy, i have to do something
wendy, i have to do something	all right, that does it!  on the count of three this child
all right, that does it!  on the count of three this child	(god damn it, someone help me!)
(god damn it, someone help me!)	well howdy there, strangers
well howdy there, strangers	ohhh, welcome, partner
ohhh, welcome, partner	wha-what are you doing?
wha-what are you doing?	i heard you all had some difficulty with a criminal getsin' out
i heard you all had some difficulty with a criminal getsin' out	that's right, murderin' murphy
that's right, murderin' murphy	they killed my pahr!
they killed my pahr!	i reckon that maybe you could make a jail door that opened with
i reckon that maybe you could make a jail door that opened with	y-y-yeah, i understand that
y-y-yeah, i understand that	finally, a fella that talks some sense
finally, a fella that talks some sense	if'n you all was to have such a giant safe, what would you
if'n you all was to have such a giant safe, what would you	oh, well uh, i reckon the easiest number to remember for any
oh, well uh, i reckon the easiest number to remember for any	yup, 1864, 'cause that's the year it is
yup, 1864, 'cause that's the year it is	eighteen sixty four
eighteen sixty four	no, you got your door code, let us go!
no, you got your door code, let us go!	copy that
copy that	sweet, there's still cops looking for us in here
sweet, there's still cops looking for us in here	yeah, it sure has
yeah, it sure has	oh, i just don't know what i liked better: the historical
oh, i just don't know what i liked better: the historical	or the witty anecdotes of the townspeople, uh
or the witty anecdotes of the townspeople, uh	witty anecdotes, yes, that's been ab- that's been awesome
witty anecdotes, yes, that's been ab- that's been awesome	been a hoot all right!
been a hoot all right!	get your hands behind your head!
get your hands behind your head!	what'd we do? we've been here the whole time
what'd we do? we've been here the whole time	shut up! put your hands behind your head! do it now!  let go of
shut up! put your hands behind your head! do it now!  let go of	huh uh
huh uh	do what i tell you!
do what i tell you!	our teacher said we have to hold hands the whole time we're
our teacher said we have to hold hands the whole time we're	let go or else i'll put a bullet through your hands and make
let go or else i'll put a bullet through your hands and make	butters
butters	now!
now!	no! 
no! 	jesus christ! 
jesus christ! 	aaaah!
aaaah!	aaaah! 
aaaah! 	go! go take care of it! i'll stay with the hostages! 
go! go take care of it! i'll stay with the hostages! 	hey, m-murderin' murphy, you see that there feller?
hey, m-murderin' murphy, you see that there feller?	yeah
yeah	he done killed yer pahr
he done killed yer pahr	what?! well i'll rip his head off! 
what?! well i'll rip his head off! 	we've got a chance
we've got a chance	they are coming in! 
they are coming in! 	aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!	whoa, no, no!
whoa, no, no!	hostages are secure at the park entrance!
hostages are secure at the park entrance!	i got you now, pioneer paul!
i got you now, pioneer paul!	they shoulda never let you out of jail, murderin' murphy! 
they shoulda never let you out of jail, murderin' murphy! 	freeze, scumbag! it's all over! 
freeze, scumbag! it's all over! 	murderin' murphy's gonna kill pioneer paul!
murderin' murphy's gonna kill pioneer paul!	stop right now! it's over! 
stop right now! it's over! 	howdy, partners
howdy, partners	we made it!
we made it!	we made it! 
we made it! 	oh god, i can't wait to get out of this dress
oh god, i can't wait to get out of this dress	whoa, that was great! 
whoa, that was great! 	uh, listen, if anyone still wants to know, the phone is in the
uh, listen, if anyone still wants to know, the phone is in the	let's go to tgi fridays and get some jalapeo poppers!
let's go to tgi fridays and get some jalapeo poppers!	yeah, that'd be great!
yeah, that'd be great!	all right!
all right!	oh yeah, huh
oh yeah, huh	let's go, huh
let's go, huh	stan, you were really brave in there, but you did kind of sound
stan, you were really brave in there, but you did kind of sound	i know
i know	come on you!
come on you!	you're hurting my arm!
you're hurting my arm!	too bad! you'll be going away for a long time
too bad! you'll be going away for a long time	in a way, it was
in a way, it was	that's true
that's true	hey look
hey look	teacher, my partner is back on the bus! 
teacher, my partner is back on the bus! 	welcome to the televised broadcast of the olympic opening
welcome to the televised broadcast of the olympic opening	no! the chinese, no! somebody has to stop them!  no! no!
no! the chinese, no! somebody has to stop them!  no! no!	eric? sweetie, are you having nightmares about the chinese
eric? sweetie, are you having nightmares about the chinese	they're gonna
they're gonna	sweetiekins, are you all right?
sweetiekins, are you all right?	mom
mom	no, sweetie, the chinese aren't going to get you
no, sweetie, the chinese aren't going to get you	they are so! there's two billion of them and their economy is
they are so! there's two billion of them and their economy is	all right
all right	i'm sorry
i'm sorry	kyle, you're supposed to tell cartman he's being racist or
kyle, you're supposed to tell cartman he's being racist or	yeah he's an idiot but uh i'm sorry, i just
yeah he's an idiot but uh i'm sorry, i just	(damn
(damn	kyle
kyle	yeah? well
yeah? well	look, what happened, happened
look, what happened, happened	move on?! our friend was raped, stan! he was raped, and we all
move on?! our friend was raped, stan! he was raped, and we all	there was nothing we could do, kyle!  there was nothing we
there was nothing we could do, kyle!  there was nothing we	did we?! maybe we could have stopped them!
did we?! maybe we could have stopped them!	how?
how?	i dream about it every night
i dream about it every night	you can't keep torturing yourself like this, kyle
you can't keep torturing yourself like this, kyle	i'm
i'm	god damn it
god damn it	lu lu lu i've got some space flight
lu lu lu i've got some space flight	there you are, butters!
there you are, butters!	uhuh, eric
uhuh, eric	butters, i need your help
butters, i need your help	not now, eric, i'm ih i'm indecent
not now, eric, i'm ih i'm indecent	the chinese are gonna take us over, butters! and we are the
the chinese are gonna take us over, butters! and we are the	the chinese?
the chinese?	i handed out fliers, called together meetings, but it's like
i handed out fliers, called together meetings, but it's like	aw, i can't stop the chinese tonight, eric, uh i'm supposed to
aw, i can't stop the chinese tonight, eric, uh i'm supposed to	you don't get it butters! our lives are about to change! the
you don't get it butters! our lives are about to change! the	why are they gonna kill my parents?
why are they gonna kill my parents?	because the chinese hate americans! that's why i've started:
because the chinese hate americans! that's why i've started:	i don't want my parents to die
i don't want my parents to die	so you'll join the american liberation front?!
so you'll join the american liberation front?!	well sure
well sure	you and me: we're going to be the brave little boys who fought
you and me: we're going to be the brave little boys who fought	yeah,  fuck 'em
yeah,  fuck 'em	no
no	no, wait
no, wait	let's get out of here!
let's get out of here!	we can't just leave!
we can't just leave!	come on!
come on!	aw it's horrible! 
aw it's horrible! 	oh god!
oh god!	somebody do something!
somebody do something!	why are they doing this?!
why are they doing this?!	they're just taking indiana jones and they're
they're just taking indiana jones and they're	i can't watch!  let's get out of here kyle! 
i can't watch!  let's get out of here kyle! 	why would spielberg and lucas do this?!
why would spielberg and lucas do this?!	come on let's go! 
come on let's go! 	why are they doing thiiis?!
why are they doing thiiis?!	just run!! 
just run!! 	oh god, what have they done?!
oh god, what have they done?!	why aliens? aliens don't belong in an indiana jones movie? 
why aliens? aliens don't belong in an indiana jones movie? 	whyyy? whyyy?? 
whyyy? whyyy?? 	we can't help him now
we can't help him now	well i thought it was pretty good
well i thought it was pretty good	let's just go, let's just go! 
let's just go, let's just go! 	noo!  noo
noo!  noo	all right butters, we're here
all right butters, we're here	i'm scared, but i know my country needs me
i'm scared, but i know my country needs me	this is it, butters
this is it, butters	but eric, wu-why would the, chinese tell us their invasion
but eric, wu-why would the, chinese tell us their invasion	because we're going to make them think
because we're going to make them think	ping ping
ping ping	uhh welcome to p
uhh welcome to p	hey, eric, uh these people aren't chinese
hey, eric, uh these people aren't chinese	oh my god! oh my god! oh my god!
oh my god! oh my god! oh my god!	what?
what?	it's already started
it's already started	uh, can i help you?
uh, can i help you?	ah yes, herro prease
ah yes, herro prease	herro prease
herro prease	uh yeah, why don't i seat you over here?  your waitress will be
uh yeah, why don't i seat you over here?  your waitress will be	fruttar sheshar
fruttar sheshar	yeah
yeah	oh my god the chinese are here
oh my god the chinese are here	stay calm, eric
stay calm, eric	they're right over there, and they're gonna start screaming and
they're right over there, and they're gonna start screaming and	herro, prease
herro, prease	so nice to see othaa chinese peopull heeh
so nice to see othaa chinese peopull heeh	fing fong ting tong
fing fong ting tong	ting ton teetong
ting ton teetong	what are they doing?
what are they doing?	i don't know
i don't know	yeah,  so, what are the plans to take over america again? i
yeah,  so, what are the plans to take over america again? i	jimmy? i don't know what to do about kyle
jimmy? i don't know what to do about kyle	and what about you, stan? we were all in the theater that day
and what about you, stan? we were all in the theater that day	yeah well i, i just try not to think about it
yeah well i, i just try not to think about it	i thought i could go on like before
i thought i could go on like before	i don't need this now
i don't need this now	you can't run away from it forever,  stan! sooner or later, we
you can't run away from it forever,  stan! sooner or later, we	indiana jones! all right! 
indiana jones! all right! 	hey there, stan
hey there, stan	you bet, indiana!  no!
you bet, indiana!  no!	well well hello there indiana
well well hello there indiana	you're looking cute
you're looking cute	no! uh what are you gonna do to him?! 
no! uh what are you gonna do to him?! 	oh yeah! 
oh yeah! 	no! 
no! 	indy! 
indy! 	yeah! get down! get back down! 
yeah! get down! get back down! 	hold him, lucas! come on!
hold him, lucas! come on!	heheh! he-he ain't goin' nowhere!
heheh! he-he ain't goin' nowhere!	yeah!
yeah!	no, stop! raape!
no, stop! raape!	hooooooooo! 
hooooooooo! 	all right, butters, i think we've almost got the chinese to
all right, butters, i think we've almost got the chinese to	okay, okay
okay, okay	ho ho, that's a good one, ping ling
ho ho, that's a good one, ping ling	huh, invasion pran
huh, invasion pran	what day is american invasion again? i fohget
what day is american invasion again? i fohget	'scuse me, miss?
'scuse me, miss?	yes sir?
yes sir?	these people won't leave us alone
these people won't leave us alone	
	you aren't chinese
you aren't chinese	oh my god
oh my god	we're busted! uh what do we do??
we're busted! uh what do we do??	okay, why don't we go
okay, why don't we go	stay- stay back! nobody moves, you got that?!  don't
stay- stay back! nobody moves, you got that?!  don't	a gun?
a gun?	hold the gun on them butters!
hold the gun on them butters!	i don't want a gun, eric!
i don't want a gun, eric!	they're taking over our country, butters! this is life or death
they're taking over our country, butters! this is life or death	oh jeez
oh jeez	everyone get up and go over to that wall! do it! move!  we, are
everyone get up and go over to that wall! do it! move!  we, are	this is stupid
this is stupid	nobody is going anywhere until the police arrive!
nobody is going anywhere until the police arrive!	screw you!
screw you!	shoot him, butters!
shoot him, butters!	no!
no!	you have to shoot him, butters! he's gonna warn all the chinese
you have to shoot him, butters! he's gonna warn all the chinese	waah! 
waah! 	ow! a-ah! a-ooowww!
ow! a-ah! a-ooowww!	aw dude, you shot him in the dick
aw dude, you shot him in the dick	huh?
huh?	that's not cool butters
that's not cool butters	but i was just trying to stop him, and you said-
but i was just trying to stop him, and you said-	it doesn't matter, butters! you never shoot a guy in the dick
it doesn't matter, butters! you never shoot a guy in the dick	my name is kyle broflovski
my name is kyle broflovski	you want to bring steven spielberg and george lucas to trial
you want to bring steven spielberg and george lucas to trial	i know that i'll have to testify, that i'll have to
i know that i'll have to testify, that i'll have to	you aren't alone
you aren't alone	stan?
stan?	we'll all testify
we'll all testify	i love you too
i love you too	uh kids, kids, i'm sorry, but this is ridiculous
uh kids, kids, i'm sorry, but this is ridiculous	wh-why?
wh-why?	you don't have a case here
you don't have a case here	did you see it?
did you see it?	yes i saw it, but i-  but i just try not to think about it
yes i saw it, but i-  but i just try not to think about it	then you saw what lucas and spielberg did to him!
then you saw what lucas and spielberg did to him!	i don't know what i saw!  all right?! i mean, it wa-it was dark
i don't know what i saw!  all right?! i mean, it wa-it was dark	indy deserved more than that!
indy deserved more than that!	get out! just get the hell out of here!  no, no
get out! just get the hell out of here!  no, no	well well, indiana jones
well well, indiana jones	hey
hey	there you go, lucas! dick him!  he's gonna do it right there!
there you go, lucas! dick him!  he's gonna do it right there!	grab his hands, heh
grab his hands, heh	hey leave him alone! 
hey leave him alone! 	come on big guy!
come on big guy!	nooo! 
nooo! 	nooo
nooo	look, we don't know what you're talking about
look, we don't know what you're talking about	shaddup! these american traitors might have bought your
shaddup! these american traitors might have bought your	you with the gun, step out or we will fire upon you
you with the gun, step out or we will fire upon you	no no, you got it wrong
no no, you got it wrong	uhwhat?
uhwhat?	one of the cops is chinese! son of a bitch, how high up does
one of the cops is chinese! son of a bitch, how high up does	the president?
the president?	all right men, come on
all right men, come on	no! god damn it we're serious! we'll only talk to the
no! god damn it we're serious! we'll only talk to the	ow! ah, o-ow! 
ow! ah, o-ow! 	dude! what the fuck are you doing?!
dude! what the fuck are you doing?!	what? what happened? 
what? what happened? 	god damn it butters, what did i say about shooting guys in the
god damn it butters, what did i say about shooting guys in the	aw, i did it again?
aw, i did it again?	what the hell is wrong with you?! that is not cool, butters!
what the hell is wrong with you?! that is not cool, butters!	well okay, i'm sorry!
well okay, i'm sorry!	
	it's all right there in front of you, detective
it's all right there in front of you, detective	are you nuts?! i'm not going out and arresting steven spielberg
are you nuts?! i'm not going out and arresting steven spielberg	but they raped indiana jones!
but they raped indiana jones!	i know it's hard to think about, but you have to be strong
i know it's hard to think about, but you have to be strong	i didn't see it
i didn't see it	
	no! i don't think anybody here saw it
no! i don't think anybody here saw it	well well, indiana jones
well well, indiana jones	drop?
drop?	just take 'em right off
just take 'em right off	uh what do you guys want?
uh what do you guys want?	don't say anything, just do it
don't say anything, just do it	them panties
them panties	we-eee!
we-eee!	squeal louder
squeal louder	weee!
weee!	louder louder! weeee!
louder louder! weeee!	weee!
weee!	louder! get down there boy!  get them britches down
louder! get down there boy!  get them britches down	no
no	yes, sir! come on, squeal! weeeeee!
yes, sir! come on, squeal! weeeeee!	weee!
weee!	weeeeee!  weeee!
weeeeee!  weeee!	hawwww! hawwww! 
hawwww! hawwww! 	it's okay
it's okay	no no! you listen to me! i have chinese attackers here! and
no no! you listen to me! i have chinese attackers here! and	they uh tr-tried to come in through the roof! they were gonna
they uh tr-tried to come in through the roof! they were gonna	good! did you kill him? 
good! did you kill him? 	uh, not exactly
uh, not exactly	ow
ow	well it's not where i aimed, honest
well it's not where i aimed, honest	dude
dude	i seriously didn't mean it
i seriously didn't mean it	dude!  you know what, butters? you know what? forget it
dude!  you know what, butters? you know what? forget it	what? uh where are you going, eric?
what? uh where are you going, eric?	you can just deal with the chinese invasion yourself if that's
you can just deal with the chinese invasion yourself if that's	by, by my, by myself?
by, by my, by myself?	i didn't sign up for this! you take your american liberation
i didn't sign up for this! you take your american liberation	go inside! move! 
go inside! move! 	george lucas and steven spielberg! we have a warrant for your
george lucas and steven spielberg! we have a warrant for your	my god
my god	heey, what, what the hell are you doin' here?!  you've got
heey, what, what the hell are you doin' here?!  you've got	hm this is bullshit!
hm this is bullshit!	weeee! weeee!
weeee! weeee!	boys, we got 'em
boys, we got 'em	what?
what?	spielberg and lucas, they were
spielberg and lucas, they were	and they found the dead raped bodies of yoda and short round in
and they found the dead raped bodies of yoda and short round in	so, what now?
so, what now?	do you think things can ever go back to n-n-n, n-no, normal
do you think things can ever go back to n-n-n, n-no, normal	what do we do?
what do we do?	we live
we live	everyone just stay where you are until we can sort this all out
everyone just stay where you are until we can sort this all out	there's nothing to sort out! these kids need to be put in jail!
there's nothing to sort out! these kids need to be put in jail!	we're going to search everyone and get statements! and the-
we're going to search everyone and get statements! and the-	sir! sir, it's over
sir! sir, it's over	got who?
got who?	spielberg and lucas, they
spielberg and lucas, they	hohhh, they got them
hohhh, they got them	they got 'em
they got 'em	it's over
it's over	that means
that means	it's over its over
it's over its over	i love you
i love you	i love you too
i love you too	so wait
so wait	i really don't care anymore, butters
i really don't care anymore, butters	
	okay children, let's all take our seats
okay children, let's all take our seats	thank you mr
thank you mr	she said it again
she said it again	is there a problem?! because breast cancer isn't funny! breast
is there a problem?! because breast cancer isn't funny! breast	mr
mr	eric, for the love of jesus
eric, for the love of jesus	this is a serious issue, eric! what you're doing is very
this is a serious issue, eric! what you're doing is very	me? you're the one talking about killer titties
me? you're the one talking about killer titties	i don't wanna get killed by boobs
i don't wanna get killed by boobs	will somebody do something? every week he gets worse and nobody
will somebody do something? every week he gets worse and nobody	eric, stop being offensive
eric, stop being offensive	i'm just trying to engage wendy in a constructive dialogue
i'm just trying to engage wendy in a constructive dialogue	no you aren't!
no you aren't!	wendy, you need to calm down
wendy, you need to calm down	look out, everyone
look out, everyone	what is your problem?! breast cancer isn't funny!
what is your problem?! breast cancer isn't funny!	not at all
not at all	you'd better shut up  or i'll make you shut up!
you'd better shut up  or i'll make you shut up!	oho, really? what are you gonna do about it, wendy?
oho, really? what are you gonna do about it, wendy?	i'm gonna kick your ass! that's what i'm gonna do!
i'm gonna kick your ass! that's what i'm gonna do!	haha, you're gonna kick my ass?
haha, you're gonna kick my ass?	that's right, i'm gonna kick your ass!
that's right, i'm gonna kick your ass!	you wanna throw down, dawg? i'll throw down
you wanna throw down, dawg? i'll throw down	you think you're tough?
you think you're tough?	whassup?  whassup?
whassup?  whassup?	i'll smack the shit out of you!
i'll smack the shit out of you!	standing right here, let's go, bitch
standing right here, let's go, bitch	after school! we fight after school! you got that?!
after school! we fight after school! you got that?!	you're gonna fight me after school?
you're gonna fight me after school?	that's right!
that's right!	you're a chick, dude
you're a chick, dude	as soon as that bell rings, we do it outside, you got that?!
as soon as that bell rings, we do it outside, you got that?!	oh, it's on, bitch!
oh, it's on, bitch!	you're gonna  fucking die! 
you're gonna  fucking die! 	wendy and eric are fightin' after school! hey everybody!  wendy
wendy and eric are fightin' after school! hey everybody!  wendy	what?
what?	wow
wow	really? wow
really? wow	wendy and cartman are fighting after school
wendy and cartman are fighting after school	yaaay!
yaaay!	hey emo kids, cartman and wendy are gonna fight after school
hey emo kids, cartman and wendy are gonna fight after school	did she just call us emos?
did she just call us emos?	jeez, i can't believe wendy's gonna fight you after school
jeez, i can't believe wendy's gonna fight you after school	she is pissed off
she is pissed off	she is not gonna show up to a fight, dawg
she is not gonna show up to a fight, dawg	hey, check it out
hey, check it out	yeah, i'm just gonna teach her a lesson
yeah, i'm just gonna teach her a lesson	can't go too easy on her though
can't go too easy on her though	yeah, heh
yeah, heh	wendy, could i talk to you for a second?
wendy, could i talk to you for a second?	what?!
what?!	wendy, i want to apologize, and um, tell you that-
wendy, i want to apologize, and um, tell you that-	what?
what?	i want to apologize, and tell you that
i want to apologize, and tell you that	if you're really sorry, you can say it in front of everyone!
if you're really sorry, you can say it in front of everyone!	actually, i was thinking
actually, i was thinking	no! if you're really sorry, and you wanna apologize to me, then
no! if you're really sorry, and you wanna apologize to me, then	pfft, apologize?!  that's not what i said, you dumb bitch
pfft, apologize?!  that's not what i said, you dumb bitch	yes you did! you just stood there and said you apologize and
yes you did! you just stood there and said you apologize and	oh wendy, such a desperate attempt to get out of it
oh wendy, such a desperate attempt to get out of it	i don't want an excuse! i'm going to beat the fucking shit out
i don't want an excuse! i'm going to beat the fucking shit out	ohhh, ahhhh
ohhh, ahhhh	get away from me! 
get away from me! 	so, everyone's saying there's gonna be a fight between eric
so, everyone's saying there's gonna be a fight between eric	i guess so
i guess so	and you're gonna
and you're gonna	yeah, i don't ever remember ac/dc singing about letting dudes
yeah, i don't ever remember ac/dc singing about letting dudes	what am i supposed to do about it? 
what am i supposed to do about it? 	don't worry, stan, i don't think the fight's even gonna happen
don't worry, stan, i don't think the fight's even gonna happen	i'll bet she is!
i'll bet she is!	ah i hope not! i wanna see eric kick the crap out of her! 
ah i hope not! i wanna see eric kick the crap out of her! 	wendy
wendy	what?!
what?!	psst real, real quick
psst real, real quick	you really think that's gonna work on me?!
you really think that's gonna work on me?!	wendy,  i have here twenty-seven dollars in cash
wendy,  i have here twenty-seven dollars in cash	you can't bribe your way out of this!
you can't bribe your way out of this!	wendy, i have muscular dystrophy
wendy, i have muscular dystrophy	no you don't
no you don't	my mom has muscular dystrophy
my mom has muscular dystrophy	you don't get it, asshole!  there is nothing you can do to stop
you don't get it, asshole!  there is nothing you can do to stop	eat my underwear?
eat my underwear?	that's right
that's right	okay
okay	jesus christ, do you have no sense of self-respect?!
jesus christ, do you have no sense of self-respect?!	no
no	you fucking suck so hard!!
you fucking suck so hard!!	i'll eat my underwear, wendy
i'll eat my underwear, wendy	what are you doing?! 
what are you doing?! 	i'm committed to peace, wendy
i'm committed to peace, wendy	ew! 
ew! 	euugh
euugh	oh my god!
oh my god!	so
so	no!
no!	i ate my underwear!  what the hell do you want from me?!  weh-
i ate my underwear!  what the hell do you want from me?!  weh-	you are so pathetic!
you are so pathetic!	wendy it isn't fair!  i ate my underwear for you! nooo!  yo,
wendy it isn't fair!  i ate my underwear for you! nooo!  yo,	stan, stan! dude, we need to talk
stan, stan! dude, we need to talk	what?
what?	you know, wendy and i are supposed to fight in like three hours
you know, wendy and i are supposed to fight in like three hours	yeah?
yeah?	dude, aren't you worried? wendy's a girl
dude, aren't you worried? wendy's a girl	i can't do anything; she really wants to fight you
i can't do anything; she really wants to fight you	nu-no, she doesn't
nu-no, she doesn't	really?
really?	you know what she did? she apologized and begged me not to
you know what she did? she apologized and begged me not to	dude, there's nothing i can do about it
dude, there's nothing i can do about it	god, you are such a pussy, stan! you're such a pussy! when i
god, you are such a pussy, stan! you're such a pussy! when i	and so you see, at this point euripides knew he could not win
and so you see, at this point euripides knew he could not win	kick the shit out of him, wendy!
kick the shit out of him, wendy!	as soon as the bell rings, we've gotta get out there and find a
as soon as the bell rings, we've gotta get out there and find a	almost time
almost time	and be ready for a quiz tomorrow morning
and be ready for a quiz tomorrow morning	i totally can't see the fight, dude
i totally can't see the fight, dude	detention! that's it! 
detention! that's it! 	eric, did you just take a crap on my desk?
eric, did you just take a crap on my desk?	whassup? whassup? crapped on your desk, dawg
whassup? whassup? crapped on your desk, dawg	huh
huh	welcome to detention, m'kay? you are here until your parents
welcome to detention, m'kay? you are here until your parents	ahhh, sweet
ahhh, sweet	eric
eric	what?! that's ridiculous!
what?! that's ridiculous!	but some people think you crapped on teacher's desk, uh to get
but some people think you crapped on teacher's desk, uh to get	that's not why i did it
that's not why i did it	then why'd you crap on garrison's desk?
then why'd you crap on garrison's desk?	because i'm hardcore
because i'm hardcore	that's what i said
that's what i said	damned straight! i just got all punk rock and got detention,
damned straight! i just got all punk rock and got detention,	okay, that's good, because we moved the fight to first thing in
okay, that's good, because we moved the fight to first thing in	before school starts
before school starts	huh?
huh?	that way it won't matter if you get detention
that way it won't matter if you get detention	eric, get your buns back over here, m'kay?!
eric, get your buns back over here, m'kay?!	wendy said she'd be here an hour before school starts
wendy said she'd be here an hour before school starts	tomorrow morning! you fucking die tomorrow morning! 
tomorrow morning! you fucking die tomorrow morning! 	wendy?
wendy?	yeah?
yeah?	we need to talk to you, right now
we need to talk to you, right now	what? no!
what? no!	well, do you want to explain why this little boy's mother had
well, do you want to explain why this little boy's mother had	did you tell this little boy you were going to beat him up?!
did you tell this little boy you were going to beat him up?!	you don't understand
you don't understand	the, the thing is, i totally said i was sorry, but she still
the, the thing is, i totally said i was sorry, but she still	wendy, no matter what a person says, you don't respond with
wendy, no matter what a person says, you don't respond with	the thing is, wendy, i really think you're awesome, and i know
the thing is, wendy, i really think you're awesome, and i know	wendy, you tell this little boy you aren't going to hurt him!
wendy, you tell this little boy you aren't going to hurt him!	mom, you don't-
mom, you don't-	now, young lady
now, young lady	i'm not going to hurt you
i'm not going to hurt you	if there is any word of you fighting at school it's over for
if there is any word of you fighting at school it's over for	yes sir
yes sir	we're so sorry about this, ms
we're so sorry about this, ms	oh no, thank you so much for your time
oh no, thank you so much for your time	it won't happen again
it won't happen again	you're very sweet
you're very sweet	okay mommy
okay mommy	man it's almost time for school to start an' wendy still isn't
man it's almost time for school to start an' wendy still isn't	yeah, i don't know what's going on
yeah, i don't know what's going on	where is she? how come wendy's not showing up for the fight?
where is she? how come wendy's not showing up for the fight?	here she comes! 
here she comes! 	what's up, wendy? i thought we were meeting early to fight
what's up, wendy? i thought we were meeting early to fight	you know i can't fight you!
you know i can't fight you!	why not? you chicken? 
why not? you chicken? 	i can't fight you because you came crying to my house last
i can't fight you because you came crying to my house last	pfffft
pfffft	hehehe yeah, did you come up with that one on your own?!
hehehe yeah, did you come up with that one on your own?!	i ain't frontin' dawg! let's do this! let's do it right now, yo
i ain't frontin' dawg! let's do this! let's do it right now, yo	come on wendy, kick his ass!
come on wendy, kick his ass!	i can't!  god damn it!
i can't!  god damn it!	she chickened out!
she chickened out!	aw man
aw man	told you guys
told you guys	ugh, i'm glad that's over with
ugh, i'm glad that's over with	yeah, i guess you've dodged a bullet, galahad
yeah, i guess you've dodged a bullet, galahad	i always knew deep down that wendy didn't have any ba-ba-balls
i always knew deep down that wendy didn't have any ba-ba-balls	and so, we must all recycle
and so, we must all recycle	very nice, clyde
very nice, clyde	thank you
thank you	you unbelievable bastard
you unbelievable bastard	what did the breast cancer say to the polish monkey?
what did the breast cancer say to the polish monkey?	okay eric, that's enough you smartass!
okay eric, that's enough you smartass!	why?!  why are you doing this to me?!  why won't you just stop?!
why?!  why are you doing this to me?!  why won't you just stop?!	wendy, wendy
wendy, wendy	wendy testaburger to the principal's office please? wendy
wendy testaburger to the principal's office please? wendy	god! 
god! 	wendy, i've been hearing rumors about a fight between you and
wendy, i've been hearing rumors about a fight between you and	no ma'am, there isn't going to be a fight
no ma'am, there isn't going to be a fight	oh no? are you sure?
oh no? are you sure?	yes ma'am!
yes ma'am!	i see
i see	ma'am?
ma'am?	i was diagnosed seven years ago
i was diagnosed seven years ago	my
my	and you can't listen to what anybody else tells you
and you can't listen to what anybody else tells you	yes ma'am!
yes ma'am!	when you have cancer you fight, because it doesn't matter if
when you have cancer you fight, because it doesn't matter if	she's gonna fight! wendy's gonna fight cartman right now!
she's gonna fight! wendy's gonna fight cartman right now!	what? 
what? 	go deep, craig
go deep, craig	she's coming! she's coming!
she's coming! she's coming!	butters, get out of here!
butters, get out of here!	but wendy's coming to fight you
but wendy's coming to fight you	
	oh boy here we go!
oh boy here we go!	all right! 
all right! 	it's about freaking time
it's about freaking time	all right, let's do it!
all right, let's do it!	what- what's up?  what what's up?  wendy, don't forget: i'll
what- what's up?  what what's up?  wendy, don't forget: i'll	i don't care! 
i don't care! 	um, recess is almost over, i don't i don't know if there's
um, recess is almost over, i don't i don't know if there's	shut up and fight! 
shut up and fight! 	all right, fine wendy!  i'll fight ya you big bully!
all right, fine wendy!  i'll fight ya you big bully!	ohhhhh!
ohhhhh!	fuck him up, wendy!
fuck him up, wendy!	wendy?
wendy?	i'm finished! 
i'm finished! 	eh somebod - somebody call the principal! 
eh somebod - somebody call the principal! 	you don't have to say anything
you don't have to say anything	dude, we never thought you were cool
dude, we never thought you were cool	that's not true
that's not true	no, really
no, really	yeah, nothing's changed
yeah, nothing's changed	you're all just saying that to make me feel better
you're all just saying that to make me feel better	no, it's true
no, it's true	well yeah
well yeah	don't try and make me feel better, you guys, it isn't
don't try and make me feel better, you guys, it isn't	what?
what?	if you're all trying to make me feel better, then you must
if you're all trying to make me feel better, then you must	i don't get it, kenny: why do you buy razors and shaving cream?
i don't get it, kenny: why do you buy razors and shaving cream?	(hey dude, i like to shave my balls
(hey dude, i like to shave my balls	shave your balls? why would you shave your balls?
shave your balls? why would you shave your balls?	('cause girls like shaved balls
('cause girls like shaved balls	girls like shaved balls?
girls like shaved balls?	(yes they do
(yes they do	what girl is gonna see your balls?
what girl is gonna see your balls?	(well i don't know
(well i don't know	oh jesus, there's another one!  another pan flute band! have
oh jesus, there's another one!  another pan flute band! have	yeah i saw like three of those bands down in denver yesterday
yeah i saw like three of those bands down in denver yesterday	i'm so sick of hearing this music everywhere i go!
i'm so sick of hearing this music everywhere i go!	i think kenny likes it
i think kenny likes it	i gotta get home for dinner
i gotta get home for dinner	yeah, me too
yeah, me too	god!
god!	shut up already!
shut up already!	i'm outta here; see ya guys
i'm outta here; see ya guys	tonight, the travel channel takes you to london!  london has
tonight, the travel channel takes you to london!  london has	they're in london too?
they're in london too?	hey, time for dinner guys
hey, time for dinner guys	all right kids, dig in
all right kids, dig in	where's dad?
where's dad?	he's upstairs videotaping your grandfather in the bathtub
he's upstairs videotaping your grandfather in the bathtub	why?
why?	because ever since your father got that stupid video camera he
because ever since your father got that stupid video camera he	all right, here we are
all right, here we are	randy, we have plenty of video of us eating dinner
randy, we have plenty of video of us eating dinner	there's shelly
there's shelly	turn it off, dad!
turn it off, dad!	oh look! stan's eating a tater-tot! wave to the camera, stan
oh look! stan's eating a tater-tot! wave to the camera, stan	oh jesus christ! 
oh jesus christ! 	ohhh neato, it's one of those peruvian pan flute bands
ohhh neato, it's one of those peruvian pan flute bands	i will play this card to move kyle back seven spaces
i will play this card to move kyle back seven spaces	you guys! you guys, check this out: i saw another peruvian
you guys! you guys, check this out: i saw another peruvian	so?
so?	so? so i just sat there and watched them for a while and, guess
so? so i just sat there and watched them for a while and, guess	how much?
how much?	over two hundred bucks
over two hundred bucks	two hundred dollars?
two hundred dollars?	really? are you sure?
really? are you sure?	yeah dude, i'm- i'm starting to realize that it's like the
yeah dude, i'm- i'm starting to realize that it's like the	
	yeah, why not? we get some instruments and some costumes and
yeah, why not? we get some instruments and some costumes and	oh my god
oh my god	yeah!
yeah!	(woohoo!)
(woohoo!)	but where are we gonna get the money to buy costumes and and
but where are we gonna get the money to buy costumes and and	craig, dude, how're you doing, bro?
craig, dude, how're you doing, bro?	
	cool, awesome
cool, awesome	
	craig, how would you like to turn that hundred dollars into a
craig, how would you like to turn that hundred dollars into a	come on in, craig
come on in, craig	what do you guys want?
what do you guys want?	craig, we have chosen you to join our peruvian flute band!
craig, we have chosen you to join our peruvian flute band!	all right craig! 
all right craig! 	you mean like those guys you see at all the tourist spots?
you mean like those guys you see at all the tourist spots?	there's a reason they're everywhere, craig: because they make
there's a reason they're everywhere, craig: because they make	and we'll double your money in one afternoon, craig
and we'll double your money in one afternoon, craig	you guys never hang out with me
you guys never hang out with me	craig, don't be an asshole
craig, don't be an asshole	i'll go get the money
i'll go get the money	all right guys, just like we rehearsed it
all right guys, just like we rehearsed it	and a one, and a two, and a- 
and a one, and a two, and a- 	wow, that's such cultural music
wow, that's such cultural music	very cultural, yes
very cultural, yes	por favor, buy our cds de musica
por favor, buy our cds de musica	gracias
gracias	how cultural
how cultural	this is awesome!
this is awesome!	ya see, craig? 
ya see, craig? 	hey! heyheyheyheyhey! 
hey! heyheyheyheyhey! 	hey, you guys can't play here
hey, you guys can't play here	no trabajar aqui! vaya! no pleya la musica en la promenade! no
no trabajar aqui! vaya! no pleya la musica en la promenade! no	this is our peruvian flute band's turf, you got that?! 
this is our peruvian flute band's turf, you got that?! 	god damn it!
god damn it!	no! no es bueno! 
no! no es bueno! 	come on, guys
come on, guys	jesus christ!
jesus christ!	no, no es bueno! no trabajar aqui!
no, no es bueno! no trabajar aqui!	ladies and gentlemen, our nation and our world is facing an
ladies and gentlemen, our nation and our world is facing an	france, japan, and the northeastern united states are currently
france, japan, and the northeastern united states are currently	a pan-demic?
a pan-demic?	three countries in asia and seven in europe have already asked
three countries in asia and seven in europe have already asked	excuse me, but
excuse me, but	senator?
senator?	with all due respect we need to be dealing with our own pan
with all due respect we need to be dealing with our own pan	you heartless bastard! this country was founded on beliefs in
you heartless bastard! this country was founded on beliefs in	go, go! 
go, go! 	ha!  serves you right, assholes! 
ha!  serves you right, assholes! 	one more over here! 
one more over here! 	let's go! get 'em out!
let's go! get 'em out!	clear out, move! this is a homeland security operation, people,
clear out, move! this is a homeland security operation, people,	hey, back off!
hey, back off!	make sure all pan flute music cds are contained! 
make sure all pan flute music cds are contained! 	there's sharon and shelly
there's sharon and shelly	the news
the news	huh?
huh?	we're watching the news
we're watching the news	that's the tv in our living room, still showing commercials
that's the tv in our living room, still showing commercials	the government efforts to stop the peruvian flute band crisis
the government efforts to stop the peruvian flute band crisis	eh-excuse us
eh-excuse us	sir? sir, can we talk to you for just a second?
sir? sir, can we talk to you for just a second?	get back! i'm not buying any of your damned cds!
get back! i'm not buying any of your damned cds!	no
no	i said i'm not buying any god damned cds today, you got that?!
i said i'm not buying any god damned cds today, you got that?!	seor? comprar cd la musica? 
seor? comprar cd la musica? 	(jesus christ, he fucking shot that guy!)
(jesus christ, he fucking shot that guy!)	"hey, craig
"hey, craig	attention peruvian flute bands:
attention peruvian flute bands:	atencione bandas de flauta per
atencione bandas de flauta per	we appreciate your cooperation and patience
we appreciate your cooperation and patience	cooperacion y peciencia es apreciado
cooperacion y peciencia es apreciado	tomorrow you will be boarding ships
tomorrow you will be boarding ships	maana sera el embarque de barcos
maana sera el embarque de barcos	
	
	there you will spend the rest of your lives
there you will spend the rest of your lives	donde pasar el resto de sus vidas
donde pasar el resto de sus vidas	guantanamo bay?! we can't go to guantanamo bay!
guantanamo bay?! we can't go to guantanamo bay!	don't worry you guys
don't worry you guys	please, mr
please, mr	no, i'm telling you
no, i'm telling you	you've checked with the police?
you've checked with the police?	nobody know anything
nobody know anything	none of the other kids have seen them since a-  randy, will you
none of the other kids have seen them since a-  randy, will you	hey, i'm worried about him too, sharon
hey, i'm worried about him too, sharon	well then stop being an idiot and help!
well then stop being an idiot and help!	maybe the boys all ran away
maybe the boys all ran away	all we know is they were seen hanging out with craig and now
all we know is they were seen hanging out with craig and now	that's exactly why i told kyle not to hang around that boy
that's exactly why i told kyle not to hang around that boy	what is that supposed to mean?
what is that supposed to mean?	to be honest, mrs
to be honest, mrs	now wait just a minute!
now wait just a minute!	i'm just saying that your son has some problems a-
i'm just saying that your son has some problems a-	like every kid doesn't have some problems!
like every kid doesn't have some problems!	obviously craig has gotten them into some kind of trouble
obviously craig has gotten them into some kind of trouble	oh my god!
oh my god!	this is ridiculous!
this is ridiculous!	ohhh this is good!
ohhh this is good!	that's not ridicul-
that's not ridicul-	sir, good news! looks like we did it
sir, good news! looks like we did it	calm down people, we still have work to do! we have to take out
calm down people, we still have work to do! we have to take out	we don't know where they came from, sir
we don't know where they came from, sir	well think about it, idiot! where else would "peruvian" flute
well think about it, idiot! where else would "peruvian" flute	hmm
hmm	the country is in the name!
the country is in the name!	no
no	not peruvian, retards, peru! it's right here! 
not peruvian, retards, peru! it's right here! 	peh-roo
peh-roo	now i want a plan in place to take out peru once and for all!
now i want a plan in place to take out peru once and for all!	is that really necessary, sir? it seems a little extreme
is that really necessary, sir? it seems a little extreme	yeah
yeah	peruvian flute bands will never stop annoying us  unless they
peruvian flute bands will never stop annoying us  unless they	sir, you'd better come quick
sir, you'd better come quick	see?  god damn it! 
see?  god damn it! 	the llama brothers: tapas and moodscapes
the llama brothers: tapas and moodscapes	this is a mistake, sir, we aren't really a peruvian flute band
this is a mistake, sir, we aren't really a peruvian flute band	right
right	we
we	we just wanna go home
we just wanna go home	(sir, please, i'm supposed to get laid for the first time on
(sir, please, i'm supposed to get laid for the first time on	which tourist location were they playing at?
which tourist location were they playing at?	an outdoor mall in colorado
an outdoor mall in colorado	look, we're from colorado! we, we grew up in the united states
look, we're from colorado! we, we grew up in the united states	we we speak english!
we we speak english!	and we're white
and we're white	let me talk to you guys out here
let me talk to you guys out here	i don't know what to make of it sir
i don't know what to make of it sir	i agree
i agree	a hybrid? ah how is that possible?
a hybrid? ah how is that possible?	perhaps a peruvian flute band mated with one of our females
perhaps a peruvian flute band mated with one of our females	well however they came to be, they're about the only piece of
well however they came to be, they're about the only piece of	sir?
sir?	if they are the hybrid we're talking about,  then they could be
if they are the hybrid we're talking about,  then they could be	do you guys know why nobody else at school likes hanging out
do you guys know why nobody else at school likes hanging out	you're being extremely negative, craig
you're being extremely negative, craig	all right, here's the deal: maybe you are on our side and maybe
all right, here's the deal: maybe you are on our side and maybe	help you how?
help you how?	you're able to walk amongst the peruvian flute bands
you're able to walk amongst the peruvian flute bands	can we please just go home, sir?
can we please just go home, sir?	we still don't know whose side you're on! you do this, and
we still don't know whose side you're on! you do this, and	no! no, i'm not going to peru! not peru! 
no! no, i'm not going to peru! not peru! 	kyle, calm down
kyle, calm down	you know i can't go there, stan!
you know i can't go there, stan!	one of our friends was raped in peru
one of our friends was raped in peru	you don't have a choice! either you go to peru, or you get
you don't have a choice! either you go to peru, or you get	thompson, can you come over here?  the flute band players won't
thompson, can you come over here?  the flute band players won't	por favor! no podemos ir! estamos aqu para proteger a
por favor! no podemos ir! estamos aqu para proteger a	s
s	s
s	they're saying something like, "you can't send us away
they're saying something like, "you can't send us away	protectors from what?
protectors from what?	la muerte peluda! la muerte peluda!
la muerte peluda! la muerte peluda!	what does that mean?
what does that mean?	i think he said, "the furry death"?
i think he said, "the furry death"?	la muerte peluda
la muerte peluda	this is cnn
this is cnn	the last of the peruvian flute bands have successfully been
the last of the peruvian flute bands have successfully been	really welcome silence, tom
really welcome silence, tom	oh my gohhhd!
oh my gohhhd!	ohmigod! 
ohmigod! 	jesus christ! 
jesus christ! 	aaaahhh!! 
aaaahhh!! 	there's, there's something else here, it's
there's, there's something else here, it's	paul paul, what do you see?
paul paul, what do you see?	it's furry! it's very furry! 
it's furry! it's very furry! 	okay obviously something different has uh shown up a-
okay obviously something different has uh shown up a-	all right, we're about 800 kilometers from peru
all right, we're about 800 kilometers from peru	was there ever a moment when you guys first came up with the
was there ever a moment when you guys first came up with the	that's not true
that's not true	yeah dude, kids at school totally like us
yeah dude, kids at school totally like us	i'm being a dick?
i'm being a dick?	yes!
yes!	you guys took my birthday money, got me arrested and sent to
you guys took my birthday money, got me arrested and sent to	there's no talking to this guy
there's no talking to this guy	all right, fine, craig
all right, fine, craig	that would be great
that would be great	this is wrong
this is wrong	(because they're trying to take over the world?)
(because they're trying to take over the world?)	ah, i don't know, it just feels like
ah, i don't know, it just feels like	please, i don't know where else to turn
please, i don't know where else to turn	sharon, you're gonna be really glad i have all this footage of
sharon, you're gonna be really glad i have all this footage of	i mean it randy that's enough!! you don't have to videotape
i mean it randy that's enough!! you don't have to videotape	what the hell was that? 
what the hell was that? 	oh my god
oh my god	something's going on outside! stay, stay here! 
something's going on outside! stay, stay here! 	what's going on, dad? 
what's going on, dad? 	get back to your room, shelly! 
get back to your room, shelly! 	what's going on?
what's going on?	they're all over the place!
they're all over the place!	what are?!
what are?!	they're really furry! 
they're really furry! 	what did that?!  what is that thing?! 
what did that?!  what is that thing?! 	mr
mr	aaaaaaaah!! 
aaaaaaaah!! 	oh my gohhhd!
oh my gohhhd!	go go go go back the other way! 
go go go go back the other way! 	oho, oh god, oh god, oh god
oho, oh god, oh god, oh god	oh my gohhhd! 
oh my gohhhd! 	haaa! 
haaa! 	sir? we've got a bigger problem
sir? we've got a bigger problem	oh? and what might that be?
oh? and what might that be?	new reports are coming in from cities all over the world
new reports are coming in from cities all over the world	guinea pigs?
guinea pigs?	yes sir
yes sir	you were so close to figuring it all out, davis, did you know
you were so close to figuring it all out, davis, did you know	sir?
sir?	i really thought you had me in miami, but you just couldn't
i really thought you had me in miami, but you just couldn't	you
you	oh, this is only the beginning, davis, and i can't let you
oh, this is only the beginning, davis, and i can't let you	what's going on, dad? 
what's going on, dad? 	mr
mr	oh god
oh god	my name is craig tucker
my name is craig tucker	we didn't lie, craig, it was a sweet idea!
we didn't lie, craig, it was a sweet idea!	yeah
yeah	i don't get it
i don't get it	this is where they told us to land
this is where they told us to land	i'm trying
i'm trying	this is connor in washington
this is connor in washington	hey, connor, the place that homeland security told us to start
hey, connor, the place that homeland security told us to start	jesus they're everywhere!
jesus they're everywhere!	what are everywhere?
what are everywhere?	
	guinea pigs?
guinea pigs?	can't stop them! need to get
can't stop them! need to get	i've got the video camera
i've got the video camera	randy, will you put down that camera? we need to figure out
randy, will you put down that camera? we need to figure out	i don't know what to do
i don't know what to do	we have to see what the news is saying
we have to see what the news is saying	this is a shot of new york city where the
this is a shot of new york city where the	guinea pigs?
guinea pigs?	reports of attacks are coming in from major cities all over the
reports of attacks are coming in from major cities all over the	jesus, this thing is worldwide? 
jesus, this thing is worldwide? 	look at that thing! randy, what are we gonna do? 
look at that thing! randy, what are we gonna do? 	oh my god! oh my god! oh my gohhhd!
oh my god! oh my god! oh my gohhhd!	go randy, run! 
go randy, run! 	gotta get out!
gotta get out!	michaels, harrison, anybody?  nothing
michaels, harrison, anybody?  nothing	ah all right, just let me get this straight: the head of
ah all right, just let me get this straight: the head of	
	and that makes sense to you?
and that makes sense to you?	nope, not at all
nope, not at all	actually, the whole rounding up of the pan flute bands didn't
actually, the whole rounding up of the pan flute bands didn't	none of what that homeland security guy does make sense, so
none of what that homeland security guy does make sense, so	you don't understand, the plan was to have a refueling truck
you don't understand, the plan was to have a refueling truck	oh, that's awesome
oh, that's awesome	so we've gotta find another way out of here
so we've gotta find another way out of here	it's starting to look that way, yeah
it's starting to look that way, yeah	this is fun
this is fun	you know what, we're getting pretty sick of your attitude,
you know what, we're getting pretty sick of your attitude,	(yeah!)
(yeah!)	nobody likes hanging out with people who complain all the time
nobody likes hanging out with people who complain all the time	luck at that: no lights on, nothing
luck at that: no lights on, nothing	more guinea pigs seem to be moving in from all directions
more guinea pigs seem to be moving in from all directions	what about the pan flute bands? are they on their way to
what about the pan flute bands? are they on their way to	
	have they been loaded onto the boats or not?!
have they been loaded onto the boats or not?!	no sir
no sir	that was an order!  the pan flute bands were to be put on boats
that was an order!  the pan flute bands were to be put on boats	yes sir
yes sir	hey we're down in
hey we're down in	where do we go, randy?
where do we go, randy?	we've got to get out of town
we've got to get out of town	geow, my arm! my arm! 
geow, my arm! my arm! 	oh jesus!
oh jesus!	randy, run! 
randy, run! 	okay
okay	dad! 
dad! 	in there, in there!  oh god, oh god i'm so startled
in there, in there!  oh god, oh god i'm so startled	randy, put down that c-! 
randy, put down that c-! 	it's gonna kill us!
it's gonna kill us!	just stay down, shelly
just stay down, shelly	hold on, hold on, i need to get a shot of it from outside
hold on, hold on, i need to get a shot of it from outside	randy? where are you going? 
randy? where are you going? 	here we see a view from outside the bus
here we see a view from outside the bus	randy!  what the hell are you doing?
randy!  what the hell are you doing?	i got a
i got a	i don't know, lemsky
i don't know, lemsky	this whole valley is strange
this whole valley is strange	take a look at this! they look like
take a look at this! they look like	oh my god
oh my god	dude, what is this place?
dude, what is this place?	it's like
it's like	that's a shock
that's a shock	craig, it isn't our fault! you make it sound like we always
craig, it isn't our fault! you make it sound like we always	yeah
yeah	stuff just happens
stuff just happens	that's right!
that's right!	you just wind up being sent by the government to take down the
you just wind up being sent by the government to take down the	that's right
that's right	you know when stuff happens to most kids? they fall off their
you know when stuff happens to most kids? they fall off their	look, wherever we are, i think we'd better keep moving
look, wherever we are, i think we'd better keep moving	(hey, look out!) 
(hey, look out!) 	ohhh stop it, make it stohhhp!
ohhh stop it, make it stohhhp!	all right, all right
all right, all right	hello, heh
hello, heh	what is that? chris, what is that?
what is that? chris, what is that?	that's a that's a, that's a new sound
that's a that's a, that's a new sound	oh god look!
oh god look!	those aren't guinea pigs
those aren't guinea pigs	get off the roof! 
get off the roof! 	go! go go go go go!  oho, oh god, we're going down the stairs
go! go go go go go!  oho, oh god, we're going down the stairs	and we are now getting word of giant bees
and we are now getting word of giant bees	oh no! oho oho
oh no! oho oho	get away, there's bees everywhere!  there's another one right
get away, there's bees everywhere!  there's another one right	it stung me! it stung me! 
it stung me! it stung me! 	whoa, that startled me! that was really startling!
whoa, that startled me! that was really startling!	um i think we're just heading deeper into the mountains
um i think we're just heading deeper into the mountains	yeah, maybe we should start heading that way
yeah, maybe we should start heading that way	(i think we're fucked!)
(i think we're fucked!)	hey, hey, look at this
hey, hey, look at this	what is it?
what is it?	i don't know
i don't know	let's see what's in there
let's see what's in there	"let's see what's in there
"let's see what's in there	it might be a way out, craig!
it might be a way out, craig!	yeah, mr
yeah, mr	whoa, i don't think anyone's been in here for centuries
whoa, i don't think anyone's been in here for centuries	(yeah
(yeah	you guys, look at this
you guys, look at this	dude, it's a peruvian flute band
dude, it's a peruvian flute band	i know, a-and look
i know, a-and look	looks like the
looks like the	oh no way! look!  the pan flute band's put in prison, just like
oh no way! look!  the pan flute band's put in prison, just like	and then the guinea pigs killing people
and then the guinea pigs killing people	dude, it's craig!
dude, it's craig!	what?
what?	that is craig
that is craig	dude, craig, what's goin' on?
dude, craig, what's goin' on?	i have no idea
i have no idea	well do you mind tellin' us what you're doing on an ancient
well do you mind tellin' us what you're doing on an ancient	i don't know
i don't know	there is now word of huge beehives forming in cities across the
there is now word of huge beehives forming in cities across the	and how are the efforts to contain all this going?
and how are the efforts to contain all this going?	it's bad, sir
it's bad, sir	uh, sir?
uh, sir?	ah i'm sorry, i just thought of a funny joke
ah i'm sorry, i just thought of a funny joke	oh, a-hah
oh, a-hah	all right, get the jets ready
all right, get the jets ready	uh, machu picchu, sir?
uh, machu picchu, sir?	yes, i need to be taken to machu picchu! have you lost your
yes, i need to be taken to machu picchu! have you lost your	but s-sir, what could possibly be at machu picchu to help the-
but s-sir, what could possibly be at machu picchu to help the-	am i in charge or not?! 
am i in charge or not?! 	we're in the  grocery store now
we're in the  grocery store now	can we get out through the highway?
can we get out through the highway?	the highway is unreachable; there's guinea rats all over it
the highway is unreachable; there's guinea rats all over it	guinea rats?
guinea rats?	i'm so startled
i'm so startled	what do you mean "guinea rats"?
what do you mean "guinea rats"?	look, there are guinea pigs, but there's also guinea bees,
look, there are guinea pigs, but there's also guinea bees,	randy, will you stop doing that?! 
randy, will you stop doing that?! 	look, i i need we need to find a way out under the city
look, i i need we need to find a way out under the city	in the sewers? can't be safe down there
in the sewers? can't be safe down there	oh god, what are we gonna dooo?
oh god, what are we gonna dooo?	oh my god!
oh my god!	something's inside the store!
something's inside the store!	guinea rabbits! they're inside! 
guinea rabbits! they're inside! 	god they're everywhere!
god they're everywhere!	help me!  help
help me!  help	travis! no!
travis! no!	you can't help him!
you can't help him!	there's something over there!
there's something over there!	it's a guinea bear!
it's a guinea bear!	no, it's a guinea mouse, stupid! 
no, it's a guinea mouse, stupid! 	kill me!
kill me!	randy, the storeroom, we've gotta get to the storeroom! 
randy, the storeroom, we've gotta get to the storeroom! 	mom, i can't see
mom, i can't see	it's okay, shelly
it's okay, shelly	what what what what?
what what what what?	nothing, sorry
nothing, sorry	let's head over this way, guys
let's head over this way, guys	hear that? it sounds like water
hear that? it sounds like water	yeah, it's coming from up there
yeah, it's coming from up there	wow
wow	dude, that's awesome
dude, that's awesome	all right, let's go
all right, let's go	no
no	wait, whattaya mean no?
wait, whattaya mean no?	i'm not following you guys any more
i'm not following you guys any more	dude, we we have to go check this out
dude, we we have to go check this out	why?
why?	'cause just, that, that's just the way it is
'cause just, that, that's just the way it is	every time bad things happen, you guys end up putting
every time bad things happen, you guys end up putting	hey, we aren't the ones on an ancient temple prophecy wall,
hey, we aren't the ones on an ancient temple prophecy wall,	i don't care
i don't care	how do you do that?
how do you do that?	it's easy
it's easy	craig, dude, wait up
craig, dude, wait up	dude, craig, we should go back now
dude, craig, we should go back now	no
no	hey look, there's something here
hey look, there's something here	
	dude, this is boring
dude, this is boring	yup, nice and boring
yup, nice and boring	it's been three days now since the guinea pigs and the guinea
it's been three days now since the guinea pigs and the guinea	what is that? what is that? 
what is that? what is that? 	i'm gon-, i'm gonna take a look outside! 
i'm gon-, i'm gonna take a look outside! 	what is it?
what is it?	it's a guineasaurus rex! 
it's a guineasaurus rex! 	oh my gohhhd!
oh my gohhhd!	oh no, i'm way too startled!
oh no, i'm way too startled!	look! 
look! 	jesus, they can't kill it!  what do you think about the
jesus, they can't kill it!  what do you think about the	randy?! i have had it! you are putting down that god damned
randy?! i have had it! you are putting down that god damned	sharon, you're gonna be really glad we have all this footage of
sharon, you're gonna be really glad we have all this footage of	wait here a minute
wait here a minute	what's he doing?
what's he doing?	what of your prophecy now?! nothing can stop me!  craiiig!  no!
what of your prophecy now?! nothing can stop me!  craiiig!  no!	hey, it's that asshole who sent us to the jungle with nobody to
hey, it's that asshole who sent us to the jungle with nobody to	sir, ih-is everything all right?
sir, ih-is everything all right?	shoot them!
shoot them!	shoot them?
shoot them?	they're a peruvian band that escaped
they're a peruvian band that escaped	no no, listen to me
no no, listen to me	i said shoot them!
i said shoot them!	go look! it's all an ancient incan prophecy
go look! it's all an ancient incan prophecy	maybe we should look at it, sir
maybe we should look at it, sir	damn you craiiig! you just don't ever stop, do you?!
damn you craiiig! you just don't ever stop, do you?!	i didn't say anything
i didn't say anything	you see, for thousands of years horrid creatures have lived in
you see, for thousands of years horrid creatures have lived in	you're, you're some kind of monster
you're, you're some kind of monster	oh, i'm much more than that
oh, i'm much more than that	guinea pirate! 
guinea pirate! 	jesus christ!
jesus christ!	sir, i promise you, i'm not going to ruin your plans
sir, i promise you, i'm not going to ruin your plans	dargh, no!
dargh, no!	okay, now there's sparks shooting out of my eyes
okay, now there's sparks shooting out of my eyes	argh, curse ye, craig
argh, curse ye, craig	my name is craig tucker
my name is craig tucker	here here, look, look!  what the?  oh- ohhh i didn't have a
here here, look, look!  what the?  oh- ohhh i didn't have a	the guinea pirate lived, but was taken to prison to live out
the guinea pirate lived, but was taken to prison to live out	that guy's an asshole!
that guy's an asshole!	yeah, what a dick!
yeah, what a dick!	(i fuckin' hate craig!)
(i fuckin' hate craig!)	sir! sir, we have a problem!
sir! sir, we have a problem!	what now?!
what now?!	the former director of homeland security, that turned out to be
the former director of homeland security, that turned out to be	my god, are you telling me
my god, are you telling me	yes sir
yes sir	if there is anyone out there tonight who still doubts that
if there is anyone out there tonight who still doubts that	yyeeaahh!!!!  obama!  wooooo! we did it! we f'in' did it!
yyeeaahh!!!!  obama!  wooooo! we did it! we f'in' did it!	yyeeaahh!!!!
yyeeaahh!!!!	it's been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we
it's been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we	yyeeaahh!!!! yeah obama! chaaange! it's, it's chaaange!
yyeeaahh!!!! yeah obama! chaaange! it's, it's chaaange!	sasha and malia, i love you both more than you can imagine, and
sasha and malia, i love you both more than you can imagine, and	he's so awesome!  he's so perfect and awesome!
he's so awesome!  he's so perfect and awesome!	where we are met with cynicism, and doubt, and those who tell
where we are met with cynicism, and doubt, and those who tell	yes we can!
yes we can!	yes i can! yes i can! 
yes i can! yes i can! 	here comes the change everybody! wooo! 
here comes the change everybody! wooo! 	did you see? our man is in! 
did you see? our man is in! 	we did it!
we did it!	everything is going to be awesome now!
everything is going to be awesome now!	this is the greatest day of our lives! yes we can!
this is the greatest day of our lives! yes we can!	i don't even know what to do now
i don't even know what to do now	i know what to do!  losers! looosers!
i know what to do!  losers! looosers!	looosers! looosers!
looosers! looosers!	oh, shut up!
oh, shut up!	looosers!
looosers!	we lost?
we lost?	it is natural
it is natural	no no! noo nooo!
no no! noo nooo!	aw, poor ol' john mccain
aw, poor ol' john mccain	no
no	stephen!
stephen!	it's all over, linda! the country as we know it is about to
it's all over, linda! the country as we know it is about to	you don't know that, stephen!
you don't know that, stephen!	with an inexperienced man as president, we do know it! he is
with an inexperienced man as president, we do know it! he is	we'll probably be dead by sunrise!
we'll probably be dead by sunrise!	butters, daddy loves you
butters, daddy loves you	woooo obama!
woooo obama!	get out o'here!
get out o'here!	dude, have you seen my parents? 
dude, have you seen my parents? 	no, everyone is out partying in the streets
no, everyone is out partying in the streets	he was a mccain supporter
he was a mccain supporter	uh mr
uh mr	congratulations!
congratulations!	great start, great job!
great start, great job!	change!
change!	great job, mr
great job, mr	great job, obama!
great job, obama!	thank you all for your support
thank you all for your support	president obama
president obama	boom, baby!
boom, baby!	ohoh man that was perfect! 
ohoh man that was perfect! 	i almost thought we were gonna tie for a minute there
i almost thought we were gonna tie for a minute there	you played it perfectly, there was no way
you played it perfectly, there was no way	it's mccain, we did it! obama is president
it's mccain, we did it! obama is president	yeah, so i've heard
yeah, so i've heard	yes, we do
yes, we do	sure
sure	actually, the hard part's just starting
actually, the hard part's just starting	yoohoo!
yoohoo!	obama yeah, i can't believe it!
obama yeah, i can't believe it!	o ba ma! o ba ma!
o ba ma! o ba ma!	o ba ma! o ba ma!
o ba ma! o ba ma!	cehhh-lebrate good obama come on!  it's obamobama! 
cehhh-lebrate good obama come on!  it's obamobama! 	yes, i'd like to make a noise complaint
yes, i'd like to make a noise complaint	obama!
obama!	who let the obama out?  ohoh, police are here
who let the obama out?  ohoh, police are here	oooooooooooo! 
oooooooooooo! 	okay people, time to disperse
okay people, time to disperse	boooo! 
boooo! 	
	come on, time to go home
come on, time to go home	what are you? a mccain voter?
what are you? a mccain voter?	yeah!
yeah!	sorry pal, but obama's president now!  obama! obama! 
sorry pal, but obama's president now!  obama! obama! 	obama! obama!
obama! obama!	yeah yeah, flip the
yeah yeah, flip the	ey, put down my car! 
ey, put down my car! 	yes we can! 
yes we can! 	no! no! hey, stop it!
no! no! hey, stop it!	jesus christ
jesus christ	o-bama you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind
o-bama you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind	hey, you guys wanna buy a tv? 
hey, you guys wanna buy a tv? 	bravo obama and mccain
bravo obama and mccain	guys, we've all known each other a long time, had many
guys, we've all known each other a long time, had many	i knew it! i knew when you two ran for president you were just
i knew it! i knew when you two ran for president you were just	always workin' the angles
always workin' the angles	my friends, while the entire country is busy reacting to the
my friends, while the entire country is busy reacting to the	so, come on, enlighten us
so, come on, enlighten us	the hope diamond, rated #4 of the ten most precious diamonds in
the hope diamond, rated #4 of the ten most precious diamonds in	two hundred ten?
two hundred ten?	million
million	no no no, the hope diamond is ungettable
no no no, the hope diamond is ungettable	almost ungettable
almost ungettable	so you go in from the roof, drop into it from the top
so you go in from the roof, drop into it from the top	can't get it to from the top because a polymer shelf runs the
can't get it to from the top because a polymer shelf runs the	okay, you can't get into the museum from any side and you can't
okay, you can't get into the museum from any side and you can't	meet
meet	boom, baby!
boom, baby!	you get somebody into that tunnel, they can blast into the
you get somebody into that tunnel, they can blast into the	so you both run for president because one of you has to win,
so you both run for president because one of you has to win,	and we run on a particularly brutal campaign so that the nation
and we run on a particularly brutal campaign so that the nation	this all sounds very risky
this all sounds very risky	we've spent ten years putting this plan together
we've spent ten years putting this plan together	and we are
and we are	-we won't get caught
-we won't get caught	yes, ah i'm trying to locate my parents
yes, ah i'm trying to locate my parents	kyle, kyle you gotta get out here
kyle, kyle you gotta get out here	what?!
what?!	your little brother has climbed out of the window
your little brother has climbed out of the window	oh my god! 
oh my god! 	ike, don't do it! there's still so much to live for!  i know
ike, don't do it! there's still so much to live for!  i know	good-bye
good-bye	noo!
noo!	ike?  oh crap ike?
ike?  oh crap ike?	all right, everyone, i'm turning in for the night
all right, everyone, i'm turning in for the night	sir! s-sir, we have a bit of a problem
sir! s-sir, we have a bit of a problem	what?
what?	the new president-elect is here
the new president-elect is here	barack obama? 
barack obama? 	they're all, they're all right through here, sir
they're all, they're all right through here, sir	uh, hello, is there something we can do for you, mr
uh, hello, is there something we can do for you, mr	just checking out the new digs
just checking out the new digs	good, sir
good, sir	i'd like to see the oval office, please?
i'd like to see the oval office, please?	right now?
right now?	i don't waste time, gentlemen
i don't waste time, gentlemen	sure, right this way, mr
sure, right this way, mr	i will need absolute privacy, is that understood?
i will need absolute privacy, is that understood?	yes sir
yes sir	thanks
thanks	i got a hundred dollars
i got a hundred dollars	all right, mccain
all right, mccain	nicely done, b
nicely done, b	i'm already on it
i'm already on it	yehhheheah!
yehhheheah!	wooo, change
wooo, change	change
change	change
change	dad dad, we have a problem
dad dad, we have a problem	not anymore we don't; everything's different now
not anymore we don't; everything's different now	no, dad, we gotta take kyle's brother to the hospital
no, dad, we gotta take kyle's brother to the hospital	we don't have to take
we don't have to take	dude, he's wasted
dude, he's wasted	hey, it's my boss
hey, it's my boss	oh, hello marsh
oh, hello marsh	yeah, you know what? fuck you! 
yeah, you know what? fuck you! 	huh?
huh?	you heard me, you fuckin' piece of shit! i can finally tell you
you heard me, you fuckin' piece of shit! i can finally tell you	dad, what are you doing?!
dad, what are you doing?!	it's okay, stan, everything's changed
it's okay, stan, everything's changed	hey, i voted for obama
hey, i voted for obama	obama's not talkin' about you!
obama's not talkin' about you!	can someone help us? my little brother fell out of a window
can someone help us? my little brother fell out of a window	i just wanna say to everyone who's a little disappointed that
i just wanna say to everyone who's a little disappointed that	uh mrs
uh mrs	uh, uh, nnno, i don't really know where he went
uh, uh, nnno, i don't really know where he went	hello sarah, it's mccain
hello sarah, it's mccain	i hope to god you're calling to tell me you're in position
i hope to god you're calling to tell me you're in position	i'm in the tunnel now, sarah
i'm in the tunnel now, sarah	just make sure you don't blow the transformers along with the
just make sure you don't blow the transformers along with the	god she's awesome
god she's awesome	oh, i guess senator mccain's gonna fly me back to alaska now
oh, i guess senator mccain's gonna fly me back to alaska now	all right, here we go
all right, here we go	what's that noise?
what's that noise?	it's okay, just some construction outside
it's okay, just some construction outside	oh no
oh no	hang in there, ike
hang in there, ike	hey, there's some people
hey, there's some people	let's just stay back- stay back! we don't have any more room in
let's just stay back- stay back! we don't have any more room in	you have to let us in! you know the country's doomed!
you have to let us in! you know the country's doomed!	who are you to turn us away?!
who are you to turn us away?!	i built this bunker in case mccain lost! there isn't enough
i built this bunker in case mccain lost! there isn't enough	hey, excuse me, but we need some help
hey, excuse me, but we need some help	i know you do, but there's no more room, i tell ya!
i know you do, but there's no more room, i tell ya!	you're going to deny them too?
you're going to deny them too?	for god's sake, man, they're children!  look them in the eyes
for god's sake, man, they're children!  look them in the eyes	let go of my face, asshole!
let go of my face, asshole!	all right, damn you! the children can come in!
all right, damn you! the children can come in!	no, we don't want to enter any of your stupid shelter!
no, we don't want to enter any of your stupid shelter!	okay, then i want their place
okay, then i want their place	me too
me too	we need a ride to the hospital!
we need a ride to the hospital!	there isn't gonna be a hospital! don't you get it?!
there isn't gonna be a hospital! don't you get it?!	let us in now! 
let us in now! 	whoa, jesus, it's already happening
whoa, jesus, it's already happening	obama hasn't been elected four hours and already the country's
obama hasn't been elected four hours and already the country's	mr
mr	is there a problem, gentlemen?
is there a problem, gentlemen?	uh, no
uh, no	why wouldn't it be? i'm sorry, but i asked to be left alone?
why wouldn't it be? i'm sorry, but i asked to be left alone?	yes, sir, it's, just that
yes, sir, it's, just that	my wife?
my wife?	barack, everyone's been looking for you
barack, everyone's been looking for you	uh, c-c-come on in, darling
uh, c-c-come on in, darling	okay barack, tell me what's going on?
okay barack, tell me what's going on?	michelle, there's something i need to tell you
michelle, there's something i need to tell you	what is it?  barack, what is it?!
what is it?  barack, what is it?!	the laser system guarding the diamond was replaced by an
the laser system guarding the diamond was replaced by an	you gotta be kiddin' me
you gotta be kiddin' me	hi, michelle
hi, michelle	you guys weren't runnin' update checks on the security logs?!
you guys weren't runnin' update checks on the security logs?!	michelle, we need you to do a different scan hack through the
michelle, we need you to do a different scan hack through the	on a new system, in an hour?! are you nuts? my job was to
on a new system, in an hour?! are you nuts? my job was to	michelle, it's sarah
michelle, it's sarah	egh
egh	did you catch that, davis?
did you catch that, davis?	i'm on it
i'm on it	we made it, ike
we made it, ike	there, just take a seat over there
there, just take a seat over there	e-excuse me, my little brother needs medical attention
e-excuse me, my little brother needs medical attention	was he an obama supporter or a mccain supporter?
was he an obama supporter or a mccain supporter?	why does that matter?
why does that matter?	because then i'll know if he partied too hard or if he tried to
because then i'll know if he partied too hard or if he tried to	ma'am, please, i think my little brother needs immediate help
ma'am, please, i think my little brother needs immediate help	you don't understand, kid: there's only two doctors on call,
you don't understand, kid: there's only two doctors on call,	so where's the other doctor? 
so where's the other doctor? 	hey, come on people
hey, come on people	i've almost got it
i've almost got it	did you really not like pretending to be married?
did you really not like pretending to be married?	oh jesus, now is not the time, b
oh jesus, now is not the time, b	come on
come on	my girls need somebody better than a world-class diamond thief
my girls need somebody better than a world-class diamond thief	all right, everyone
all right, everyone	go! 
go! 	4:46, from inside i can open the doors and let in the rest of
4:46, from inside i can open the doors and let in the rest of	i said i put a bomb in your building, bitch
i said i put a bomb in your building, bitch	5:13, the guards open the southwest door, checking the museum
5:13, the guards open the southwest door, checking the museum	hey you! stop!
hey you! stop!	michelle and i head back into the tunnel and the hole is
michelle and i head back into the tunnel and the hole is	all done
all done	boom, baby!
boom, baby!	there's just one thing: don't you think people are going to be
there's just one thing: don't you think people are going to be	we hired a guy for that a couple of months ago
we hired a guy for that a couple of months ago	what the hell?  ike?
what the hell?  ike?	boom, baby
boom, baby	here are all the tickets for your group, mr
here are all the tickets for your group, mr	thank you very much
thank you very much	well friends, let us depart
well friends, let us depart	hey uh, you guys go ahead
hey uh, you guys go ahead	wha?
wha?	i decided to hang it up, maybe give this president thing a shot
i decided to hang it up, maybe give this president thing a shot	b, you can't be serious
b, you can't be serious	besides, you died in a jet in the rocky mountains, remember?
besides, you died in a jet in the rocky mountains, remember?	could have been i didn't make that flight
could have been i didn't make that flight	you're serious
you're serious	who knows? maybe we could change a few things
who knows? maybe we could change a few things	aww, what the fuck
aww, what the fuck	i just looove happy endings
i just looove happy endings	it's still here, ih
it's still here, ih	does that mean
does that mean	no, no, i wouldn't say that
no, no, i wouldn't say that	uhh
uhh	dad, your boss called
dad, your boss called	oh!  ugh, god damn it! obama said things would be different!
oh!  ugh, god damn it! obama said things would be different!	hahahahaha, look at kenny's lunch, a baloney sandwich and
hahahahaha, look at kenny's lunch, a baloney sandwich and	hey, you fellas wanna go see high school musical 3 tonight?
hey, you fellas wanna go see high school musical 3 tonight?	what's high school musical 3?
what's high school musical 3?	you know, the sequel to high school musical 1 and 2
you know, the sequel to high school musical 1 and 2	what's high school musical 1 and 2?
what's high school musical 1 and 2?	there's not- there's not even condiments on his baloney
there's not- there's not even condiments on his baloney	what's high school musical 1 and
what's high school musical 1 and	yeah
yeah	peru
peru	and then i saw high school musical 3 again on friday, and guess
and then i saw high school musical 3 again on friday, and guess	bridon gueermo? oh he's such a dream!
bridon gueermo? oh he's such a dream!	i'd give anything to be with bridon gueermo, but he'd never go
i'd give anything to be with bridon gueermo, but he'd never go	that's not true, red
that's not true, red	as long as we've got each other, we'll never have any trouble
as long as we've got each other, we'll never have any trouble	that's what bein' friends is about
that's what bein' friends is about	what the hell are they doing?
what the hell are they doing?	- together as one -
- together as one -	i have no idea
i have no idea	as long as we stick together, together we'll stay
as long as we stick together, together we'll stay	dude, girls are such fags
dude, girls are such fags	oh yeah, oh yeah!
oh yeah, oh yeah!	boys
boys	girls
girls	we'll always be dancin' and singin' aloud
we'll always be dancin' and singin' aloud	here he comes
here he comes	i like havin' fun in the hot summer sun (wooo!)an' groovin' to
i like havin' fun in the hot summer sun (wooo!)an' groovin' to	who the hell is that?
who the hell is that?	why, that's bridon gueermo
why, that's bridon gueermo	he's already seen high school musical 3 over a hundred times
he's already seen high school musical 3 over a hundred times	everyone is special in their own way
everyone is special in their own way	special in their own way!
special in their own way!	move to the beat and let your spirit out!
move to the beat and let your spirit out!	let it out! party people!
let it out! party people!	as long as we have each other, we'll never have any
as long as we have each other, we'll never have any	are we the only ones here who are completely confused?
are we the only ones here who are completely confused?	yeah, i guess we'd better check that movie out
yeah, i guess we'd better check that movie out	you've gotta go with the status quo
you've gotta go with the status quo	this
this	says this dvd sold more copies than any dvd ever made
says this dvd sold more copies than any dvd ever made	they just released part 3 in theaters and it made 80 million
they just released part 3 in theaters and it made 80 million	well, i'm out guys
well, i'm out guys	i don't care how popular being like these kids becomes, i'm not
i don't care how popular being like these kids becomes, i'm not	i'm not doing it either
i'm not doing it either	(no way in hell i'm doing it
(no way in hell i'm doing it	all right, do we promise? we have to swear to each other right
all right, do we promise? we have to swear to each other right	i swear
i swear	(i swear too
(i swear too	okay, good
okay, good	ehhhhhhh
ehhhhhhh	what happened? i thought you were gonna kill yourself
what happened? i thought you were gonna kill yourself	i tried
i tried	but you didn't die?
but you didn't die?	
	all right, kids in seats, kids in seats
all right, kids in seats, kids in seats	east side, west side, whatever side that you're on
east side, west side, whatever side that you're on	as long as we care about each other we can still have some fun
as long as we care about each other we can still have some fun	aw man
aw man	don't sweat what you might get by assuming the other side as a
don't sweat what you might get by assuming the other side as a	oh, you kids
oh, you kids	each side is right or wrong, we've gotta learn to all get along
each side is right or wrong, we've gotta learn to all get along	east side, west side, doesn't matter to me
east side, west side, doesn't matter to me	we don't care what other people wear or the way they like to
we don't care what other people wear or the way they like to	each side is right or wrong, we've gotta learn to all get along
each side is right or wrong, we've gotta learn to all get along	east siiide, west siiide, east siiide
east siiide, west siiide, east siiide	god this sucks!
god this sucks!	do you feel like maybe you're l-l-losin' her, s-stan?
do you feel like maybe you're l-l-losin' her, s-stan?	i don't know
i don't know	m-maybe you should just talk to her
m-maybe you should just talk to her	stop
stop	all righty then
all righty then	uh, wendy?
uh, wendy?	hey stan
hey stan	look, i just want you to know, if you want to, you know, be
look, i just want you to know, if you want to, you know, be	what?
what?	i mean, i see the way you two are together and i don't wanna be
i mean, i see the way you two are together and i don't wanna be	stan, that's ridiculous
stan, that's ridiculous	it is?
it is?	i would never leave you for bridon
i would never leave you for bridon	really?
really?	no way
no way	there you go
there you go	what am i supposed to do? can't just sit back and watch some
what am i supposed to do? can't just sit back and watch some	awww
awww	no, fuck off
no, fuck off	awww
awww	awww jeez, you're no fun
awww jeez, you're no fun	hey bridon
hey bridon	hey
hey	hi bridon
hi bridon	hi
hi	hey bridon
hey bridon	hey
hey	hey, kid, over here
hey, kid, over here	huh?
huh?	yeah, look, i i know you think the kids in school like you,
yeah, look, i i know you think the kids in school like you,	they are?
they are?	yeah
yeah	i don't blame 'em
i don't blame 'em	you don't like doing it?
you don't like doing it?	it just isn't me
it just isn't me	basketball?
basketball?	i love it! always have
i love it! always have	dude, you should do that! you should join the basketball team,
dude, you should do that! you should join the basketball team,	i can't
i can't	yes, you can
yes, you can	it's my dad
it's my dad	no, dude, listen, you need to take a stand and tell your dad
no, dude, listen, you need to take a stand and tell your dad	really?
really?	when you grow up and you're a fourth grader, you'll understand
when you grow up and you're a fourth grader, you'll understand	you know
you know	sweet
sweet	sit up properly, bridon
sit up properly, bridon	okay, let's eat!
okay, let's eat!	dad, i need to talk to you about somethin'
dad, i need to talk to you about somethin'	ooo, that sounds emotional!  what is it son? what's on your
ooo, that sounds emotional!  what is it son? what's on your	no, dad, can we just talk?
no, dad, can we just talk?	if you can talk it, you can sing it
if you can talk it, you can sing it	dad, i want to join the basketball team
dad, i want to join the basketball team	what did you say?
what did you say?	this kid at school today told me i should do what i wanna do
this kid at school today told me i should do what i wanna do	basketball? no son of mine is going to be a sweaty little jock!
basketball? no son of mine is going to be a sweaty little jock!	but dad, it's what i really want
but dad, it's what i really want	there's no singing and dancing in basketball!
there's no singing and dancing in basketball!	i know
i know	don't you even think about it! if i had a jock for a son, i'd
don't you even think about it! if i had a jock for a son, i'd	it's my life, dad!
it's my life, dad!	don't make me slap you!  i will slap your face so super hard
don't make me slap you!  i will slap your face so super hard	maybe you should let him try it
maybe you should let him try it	what did you say, woman?!
what did you say, woman?!	you aren't being fair
you aren't being fair	that's it! i'm gonna slap you!
that's it! i'm gonna slap you!	no, please
no, please	i slap you!
i slap you!	ahh!
ahh!	i slap you!
i slap you!	ohh!
ohh!	i slap slap slap you!
i slap slap slap you!	dohh!
dohh!	slapping you slapping you silly 'cause you disrespected me
slapping you slapping you silly 'cause you disrespected me	ooohohoo
ooohohoo	you guys, i need to copy your math homework before class
you guys, i need to copy your math homework before class	you're not copying my homework, you lazy turd
you're not copying my homework, you lazy turd	fuck you, kyle! 
fuck you, kyle! 	and you know, we're together at school again
and you know, we're together at school again	school again
school again	aww!
aww!	with all of our friends, and you know, we'll be doing this
with all of our friends, and you know, we'll be doing this	oh god, shut up!
oh god, shut up!	together at school again
together at school again	shut
shut	we could say that neverrrrrrrrrrrgoes away
we could say that neverrrrrrrrrrrgoes away	hey kid, what happened?! i th-i thought you didn't wanna sing
hey kid, what happened?! i th-i thought you didn't wanna sing	yeah, well, my dad blew a gasket when i told him and, then he
yeah, well, my dad blew a gasket when i told him and, then he	dude, what did i tell you?! you have to be tough and stand up
dude, what did i tell you?! you have to be tough and stand up	really?
really?	look, i should be getting to class
look, i should be getting to class	hey, we sure could use you, kid
hey, we sure could use you, kid	you see? they need you
you see? they need you	i don't know
i don't know	look, just come in at recess and shoot some ball with the team
look, just come in at recess and shoot some ball with the team	yeah, just go in at recess and shoot some ball with the team,
yeah, just go in at recess and shoot some ball with the team,	okay
okay	aayy, that's great, bridon
aayy, that's great, bridon	thanks
thanks	we might have a chance at winning now
we might have a chance at winning now	bridon! what are you doing here? what are you doing here?
bridon! what are you doing here? what are you doing here?	dad, i was just messin' around
dad, i was just messin' around	i drove by the school and saw kids on the playground doing a
i drove by the school and saw kids on the playground doing a	eh, your kid is really good at this
eh, your kid is really good at this	don't talk to me, stupid jock asshole! 
don't talk to me, stupid jock asshole! 	just
just	you know what this means? it means you're about to get slapped,
you know what this means? it means you're about to get slapped,	if he wants to play ball, you should let him
if he wants to play ball, you should let him	i'll do it! i'll slap the shit out of you!
i'll do it! i'll slap the shit out of you!	he's just a kid
he's just a kid	you don't tell me how to raise my son! i'll slap it again
you don't tell me how to raise my son! i'll slap it again	dad, stop!
dad, stop!	you're trying to turn my son into a little asshole sports
you're trying to turn my son into a little asshole sports	ow, dad
ow, dad	shut up, bridon! 
shut up, bridon! 	uh, what's going on here, mr
uh, what's going on here, mr	get out of my way, mackey
get out of my way, mackey	you are never going to play shooting hoops, do you understand?!
you are never going to play shooting hoops, do you understand?!	you're hurting my arm
you're hurting my arm	stupid-ass boy!
stupid-ass boy!	ah, shit
ah, shit	oh that's good that's good
oh that's good that's good	you guys, this high school musical thing isn't gonna go away
you guys, this high school musical thing isn't gonna go away	what? are you crazy?
what? are you crazy?	no way dude
no way dude	we promised each other we would never do that, remember?
we promised each other we would never do that, remember?	(yeah
(yeah	i know, but
i know, but	what's so bad about hanging out with me?
what's so bad about hanging out with me?	shut up, scott malkinson
shut up, scott malkinson	hey, don't make fun of my diabetes!
hey, don't make fun of my diabetes!	"don't make fun of my diabetes, i'm scott malkinson
"don't make fun of my diabetes, i'm scott malkinson	you can rip on him, but you guys are hanging out with him
you can rip on him, but you guys are hanging out with him	stan, you're just jealous of that third grader and you think
stan, you're just jealous of that third grader and you think	(yeah!)
(yeah!)	that isn't true!  okay, that's totally true
that isn't true!  okay, that's totally true	hey, that was supposed to be my power-up pack
hey, that was supposed to be my power-up pack	"that was supposed to be my power-up pack, i'm scott malkinson
"that was supposed to be my power-up pack, i'm scott malkinson	yadada yadada yadada dadadadada high school musical is so
yadada yadada yadada dadadadada high school musical is so	mister
mister	what?
what?	we're from child protective services
we're from child protective services	what? who the hell's been saying that?!
what? who the hell's been saying that?!	we got a phone call from a concerned student who wishes to
we got a phone call from a concerned student who wishes to	his name is stan marsh
his name is stan marsh	you'd better just turn your asses around and get back in your
you'd better just turn your asses around and get back in your	mr
mr	oh, by all means
oh, by all means	hello, bridon, my name is mr
hello, bridon, my name is mr	yeah! there it is! slapped you! you probably think i'm
yeah! there it is! slapped you! you probably think i'm	oh my god!
oh my god!	don't worry, bitch, i didn't forget about you!  there's a slap
don't worry, bitch, i didn't forget about you!  there's a slap	oh god, please, you have to get away! he won't ever stop! 
oh god, please, you have to get away! he won't ever stop! 	awww
awww	they're here! the audition results for the school musical are
they're here! the audition results for the school musical are	hey, you got the lead, wendy
hey, you got the lead, wendy	who's the male lead?
who's the male lead?	no surprise there
no surprise there	congratulations, bridon
congratulations, bridon	yeah, great
yeah, great	god damn it!  no matter what i do, this kid just won't stop
god damn it!  no matter what i do, this kid just won't stop	you hear the rhythm
you hear the rhythm	oh please
oh please	what are you interrupting me for?!
what are you interrupting me for?!	it's our son, he's- he's running away
it's our son, he's- he's running away	what?!  what's going on here, what's this all about?  what do
what?!  what's going on here, what's this all about?  what do	dad, i'm sick of you trying to always-
dad, i'm sick of you trying to always-	nono! sing it!
nono! sing it!	no! i'm sick of singing!
no! i'm sick of singing!	can you believe it? what'd he just say? what's the matter with
can you believe it? what'd he just say? what's the matter with	kids these days
kids these days	kids these days!  unh unh unh! just go right back to your room
kids these days!  unh unh unh! just go right back to your room	just let me go
just let me go	go ahead
go ahead	well, i had to see it to believe it!
well, i had to see it to believe it!	i told you guys
i told you guys	actually, this is high school musical 2
actually, this is high school musical 2	we said we wouldn't be a part of this fad and look at you!
we said we wouldn't be a part of this fad and look at you!	(yeah, look at yourself, dude
(yeah, look at yourself, dude	look, you guys might be fine with being outcasts and hanging
look, you guys might be fine with being outcasts and hanging	you know what? at least scott malkinson has some self-respect!
you know what? at least scott malkinson has some self-respect!	scott malkinson has a lisp and diabetes! nobody's gonna let him
scott malkinson has a lisp and diabetes! nobody's gonna let him	'at's enough, you guysth, it's not cool
'at's enough, you guysth, it's not cool	you shouldn't pick on kids with diabetes, that's not cool
you shouldn't pick on kids with diabetes, that's not cool	look, guys
look, guys	that's a low blow, stan
that's a low blow, stan	third team foul on westchester bobcats, m'kay
third team foul on westchester bobcats, m'kay	all right, you ready to get in there, bridon?
all right, you ready to get in there, bridon?	i'm ready, coach
i'm ready, coach	give 'em hell! 
give 'em hell! 	just a minute to go in the first quarter
